To do list:

These are intended targets for future iterations:

Catergories

EASY
EASY IF RECORDED
MODERATE DIFFICULTY
VERY DIFFICULT
NOT DOABLE

From the BSG standards on Upper GI Endoscopy: (http://www.bsg.org.uk/images/stories/docs/clinical/guidelines/endoscopy/gutjnl_2017_314109.full.pdf)


1. A minimum number of 100 OGDs per year should be performed to maintain competence  NOT DOABLE
2. Photo documentation should be made of relevant anatomical landmarks  MODERATE DIFFICULTY
3. Photo documentation should be made of any detected lesions  MODERATE DIFFICULTY
4. Adequate mucosal visualisation should be achieved by a combination of both aspiration and the use of mucosal cleansing techniques  NOT DOABLE
5. The quality of mucosal visualisation should be reported MODERATE DIFFICULTY
6. It is suggested that the inspection time during a diagnostic OGD should be recorded for surveillance procedures, such as Barrett’s and gastric atrophy/intestinal metaplasia surveillance EASY IF RECORDED
 
7. Where a lesion is identified, this should be described using the Paris classification and targeted biopsies taken  EASY
8. The length of a Barrett’s segment should be classified according to the Prague classification  EASY (DONE)
9. When no lesions are detected within a Barrett’s segment biopsies should be taken in accordance with the Seattle protocol  EASY (DONE)
10. Biopsies from two different regions in the oesophagus should be taken to rule out eosinophilic oesophagitis in those presenting with
dysphagia/food bolus obstruction, where an alternative cause is not found EASY
 
11. Oesophageal ulcers and oesophagitis that is grade D or atypical in appearance, should be biopsied, with further evaluation in 4–6weeks
of PPI therapy EASY IF RECORDED (esp PPI usage)
 
12. Gastric ulcers should be biopsied and re-evaluated after appropriate treatment, including H. pylori eradication where indicated, within
6–8weeks (EASY)
 
13. The presence of gastric polyps should be recorded, with the number, size, location and morphology described, with representative
biopsies taken (EASY IF RECORDED)
 
14. Where there are endoscopic features of gastric atrophy or intestinal metaplasia separate biopsies from the antrum and body should be
taken (MODERATE DIFFICULTY)
 
15. Where iron deficiency anaemia is being investigated, separate biopsies from the gastric antrum and body should be taken as well as
duodenal specimens if coeliac serology is positive or has not been previously measured (EASY)
 
16. Where gastric or duodenal ulcers are identified, H. pylori should be tested and eradicated if positive  
Where coeliac disease is suspected, a minimum of four biopsies from the second part of the duodenum including a specimen from the
duodenal bulb should be taken (EASY)
 
17. Endoscopy units should audit rates of failing to diagnose upper gastrointestinal cancer at OGD