"x"
"1% Lugol's iodine - no unstained lesions."
"10cm hiatus hernia with erosive oesophagitis above."
"10mls 1% Lignocaine to skin."
"10mm  sub-epithelial lesion at antrum."
"12 oesophageal biopsies taken 36cm, 28cm and 22cm."
"15 Fr FREKA PEG tube inserted under direct endoscopic vision."
"2 biopsies from D2."
"2 cm hiatus hernia."
"2 cm sliding hiatus hernia; grade 2 oesophagitis."
"2 Mallory-Weiss tears at GOJ, one with visible vessel/fibrin clot, the other being longer and deeper."
"2 mm lipoma at 21 cm on the right wall"
"2 treatments with no cleaning step inbetween."
"2% indigo carmine solution were sprayed."
"2cm hiatus hernia, mild generalised gastritis."
"2cm hiatus hernia."
"3 clips deployed and 7ml of 1:10,000 adrenaline injected around the area."
"3 columns of barely noticeable oesophagal varices at 11, 2 and 6 o'clock at 32-37cm."
"3 small angioectasia with no ooze/bleeding - gold probe applied to all with good effect."
"3 sub-centrimetre fundic gland type polyps in fundus."
"3 treatments with no cleaning step."
"3 treatments with nocleaning step inbetween."
"3 x bands appied to the oesophageal varices - at 39cm, 37cm and 36cm with good proximal decompression."
"3cm hiatus hernia with 1cm arretts."
"3cm hiatus hernia."
"3mm islands and small rim of Barrett's at GOJ right wall."
"4 biopsies taken ?"
"4 biopsies taken at 35cm and 25cm to exclude eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"4 biopsies taken."
"5 cm gastric ulcer in antrum with haematin deposits in the base and surrounded by significant oedema - biopsied x 6."
"5 cm in size ."
"5 cm, ulcerated with two areas of ?"
"5 measured in endoscopy by near patient testing."
"5 x oesophageal biopsies taken."
"5% acetic acid/0."
"5cm again noted from 24-26cm from incisors, not changed in size; obstructs up to 25% of lumen."
"5cm lesion in D2 with surface characteristics of an adenoma but a more irregular central part."
"5mls 1 in 10000 adrenaline injected and then gold probe applied with good effect."
"5mm resulting in a superficial mucosal tear as intended."
"6 biopsies were taken from around the margins."
"8 biopsies into saline for H Pylori culture as per protocol."
"8 cm hiatus hernia."
"A 1cm submucosal lesion was seen in the distal oesophagus."
"A single episode of haematemesis 2 days agao."
"Access to second duodenum was achieved with minor difficulty."
"Acetic acid used ."
"Acute angulation into alimaentary limb or roux loop which may be the cause for poor functionality."
"Adrenaline injected and clip applied to vessel; 2 clips applied to close longertear."
"Alimentary limb explorated for 15cm, no abnormalities."
"Alimentary limb till 70cm from incisors with no obvious extrinsic compression."
"Alkaline gastritis and amount of bile residue."
"All 3 EMR peices were retrieved with Roth netting."
"Almost stopped but as oozing treated with 4ml of adrenaline 1:10,000 and bipolar with good effect."
"Also D2 biopsies taken and sent in saline for TCR."
"Also high grade 4 oesophagitis with candidiasis."
"Anastamosis looks healthy with no concerning features."
"anastomosis at 30cm widely patent and normal."
"Anastomosis patent and empirically dilated up to 20mm with good effect."
"Anastomosis patent, easily passable with the scope."
"Antral and body biopsied for CLO as on PPI - CLO negative."
"Antral and fundic gastritis and a couple of fundic erosions seen."
"APC 40W applied with good effect."
"Area biopsied again."
"Area marked and one site removed by EMR using Duette MBM kit, but attempt at removing proximal site not succssful as wouldn't lift."
"As an incidental finding she also has a cervical inlet patch."
"As pt very symptomatic and on PPI gastric biopsies taken for H.Pylori."
"Aspirates also taken."
"at 38cm there is an impassable stricture with Fuji endoscope."
"At most C0M1 Barrett's at GOJ remains."
"Atrophic gastritis only."
"Atrophic stomach."
"Barretts oesophagus from 24-37 cm, C10M13, not inflamed, random biopsies done."
"Barrett's Oesophagus."
"Benign appearances."
"Bilious reflux noted."
"Biopsied GOJ tumur and ?"
"Biopsies at OGJ and scar taken."
"Biopsies from D2 and D1 taken."
"Biopsies from D2 and stomach."
"Biopsies not taken as not necessary."
"Biopsies showed no evidence of H."
"Biopsies taken at 35P."
"Biopsies taken distally and proximally."
"Biopsies taken for histology and samples in saline."
"Biopsies taken from D2 and duodenal bulb."
"Biopsies taken from distal, mid and proximal third."
"Biopsies taken from edge of ulcer."
"Biopsies taken from the GOJ x4 and from 38cm x4."
"Biopsies taken from the oesophagus to rule out eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"Biopsies taken from top of stricture-metal marking clips in situ."
"Biopsies taken from ulcer edge x3."
"Biopsies taken including for TCR."
"Biopsies taken."
"Biopsies taken."
"Biopsies were taken at the strictured area as well as the mid and lower oesophagus to rule out eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"Biopsy for HP."
"Biospy taken, easily bleeding."
"Bleeding from 3 of the biopsy sites."
"Botox 25U injected in 4 quadrants in retroflex position to GOJ ."
"Botox injected 20iu into 4 quadrants 1cm above the gastro oeophageal junction."
"Brushings taken to rule out viral cause ."
"Bx taken."
"C0M1 Barretts- biopsied."
"C0M1 Barrett's with a few islands to 35cm ."
"Cardia abnormality in keeping with known signet ring cancer."
"Cardia/ GOJ fully ablated along with residual Barrett's."
"Cervical inlet patch at 18 cm, on the right wall"
"Clean based 0."
"Clips in fundus identified, no active bleeding and no ulceration."
"Clo Negative."
"CLO not taken as patient on PPI."
"CLO POSITIVE."
"CLO taken - NEGATIVE."
"CLO taken - POSITIVE."
"CLOtest and duodenal biopsies taken."
"coeliac disease."
"Coffee ground vomit."
"Compressible."
"Congested mucosa in all tracts, with some congested folds in the fundus that may represent well covered varices."
"Congestion for portal hypertension."
"Consent form 4 completed."
"Consistent with reflux oesophagitis."
"Could not tolerateand declined sedation on this occasion."
"D: Normal to D2."
"D: Normal to D3."
"D: Oedematous mucosa and erosions in D1."
"D: oedematous mucosa in D1 but no ulcers seen."
"D1 - ulcer healing ."
"D1 and D2 - normal, no duodenitis."
"D1 biopsy taken."
"D1 inspected carefully and no othe abnormalities seen."
"D1/2 biopsies taken."
"D2 - normal Biospies taken."
"D2 - normal."
"D2 and Barrett's biopsies taken."
"D2 biopsies not taken."
"D2 biopsies taken as per request."
"D2 biopsies taken as requested."
"D2 biopsies taken for histopathology and TCR."
"D2 biopsies taken in view of weight loss."
"D2 biopsies taken n view of diarrhoea."
"D2 biopsies taken to exclude coeliac disease in view of bloating."
"D2 biopsies taken to exclude coeliac in view of weight loss."
"D2 biopsies taken x4."
"Despite this, reasonable views obtained."
"Diaphragmatic pinch: 39cm ."
"Diaphragmatic pinch: 39cm : 34cm."
"Diaphragmatic pinch: 40cm."
"Diaphragmatic pinch: 41cm ."
"Diaphragmatic pinch: 42cm"
"Diaphragmatic pinch: 43cm."
"Diaphragmatic pinch: 44cm."
"Diaphragmatic pinch:39cm"
"Diaphragmatic pinch:39cm "
"Diaphragmatic pinch:40cm ."
"Diaphragmatic pinchL 41cm ."
"Difficult to assess mucosa fully due to some adherent food debris and necrotic tissue."
"Difficultto locate the pylorus but D2 reached."
"Dilated to 19mm with CRE balloon for 1 minute."
"Discrete erythema in the body, without any particular significance."
"Distal oesophagus - no varices seen."
"Distorted and distended stomach."
"Dudoenum- D2 and Duodenum- D1/D2 Angle Normal."
"Dudoenum- D2 Normal."
"Dudoenum- D2 Vascular- Telangiectasia."
"Due repeat in 5 years as per Dr Dunn froml ast scope."
"due to retching"
"Duodenal aspirates and biopsies obtained."
"Duodenal biopsies taken."
"Duodenal erosion seen and biopsied x2."
"Duodenitis D1 - mild."
"Duodenitis."
"Duodentitis- Erosions."
"Duodenum - large ulcer on posterior wall 3cm - no active bleeding - vessel with overlying haematin candidate vessel for cause of bleeding - reviewed by Dr Anderson and APC applied to the area."
"Duodenum - minor D1 duodenitis D2 norma;."
"Duodenum - mucosal unremakable - D2 and D1 biopsies taken."
"Duodenum - Normal D2 Bx taken."
"Duodenum - normal."
"Duodenum - severe duodenitis in D21 with multiple clean based ulcers."
"Duodenum- Bulb Duodentitis- Erosions."
"Duodenum- Bulb Duodentitis."
"Duodenum clear."
"Duodenum- Mild duodenitis."
"Duodenum- Nodular duodenitis."
"DUODENUM: almost complete resolution of pyloric oedema."
"DUODENUM: atrophic mucosa, especially in D2."
"DUODENUM: bile and residue - no obstruction to D3."
"DUODENUM: D1 normal."
"Duodenum: D2 biopsies taken."
"Duodenum: Diffuse significant oedema throughout D1 and D2."
"DUODENUM: duodenal ulcer in D1 - 2 cm diameter on the posterior wall, with clean base and surrounding oedema, causing some degree of stricture; scope easily passed into D2, without resistance."
"DUODENUM: duodenitis in D1 and D2."
"DUODENUM: Duodenitis- mild/mod."
"DUODENUM: Duodenitis- Mild/Moderate."
"Duodenum: Duodenitis with a small erosion ."
"DUODENUM: erosive duodenitis in D1, D2 - normal."
"DUODENUM: Erythema at D1."
"DUODENUM: first and second duodenum were distorted."
"DUODENUM: Forrest III ulcer in D1."
"Duodenum: Healing D1 ulcer."
"DUODENUM: mild D1 duodenitis."
"DUODENUM: Mild duodenitis in D1."
"DUODENUM: mild duodenitis in the bulb."
"DUODENUM: Mild duodenitis."
"DUODENUM: mild duodenitis/oedema in bulb/D1/2 junction."
"DUODENUM: Mild duodnitis."
"DUODENUM: mild non-erosive duodenitis in D2."
"DUODENUM: Mild oedema of the mucosa and scalloping."
"DUODENUM: minimal duodenitis in D1."
"DUODENUM: Moderate duodenitis."
"DUODENUM: non-erosive duodenitis in D1, D2 - normal."
"DUODENUM: Normal - examined to D3."
"DUODENUM: Normal D2 biopsies taken."
"DUODENUM: Normal D2 biospies taken."
"DUODENUM: Normal to D3."
"DUODENUM: Normal."
"DUODENUM: Normal."
"Duodenum: normal."
"Duodenum: Normal."
"DUODENUM: Not entered."
"DUODENUM: not entered."
"DUODENUM: Not entered."
"DUODENUM: not examined."
"DUODENUM: oedematous D1, no evidence of ulceration."
"DUODENUM: scarring at D1 suggesting previous peptic disease."
"DUODENUM: small erythema in D1, probably caused by taking Aspirin long term."
"DUODENUM: small erythematous area at 6 o'clock in D2 with subtle mucosal changes."
"DUODENUM:."
"Duodenum:1 cm posterior wall ulcer with an adherent clot with mild oozing."
"else 1950/1964 according to GP notes."
"EMR scar unchanged."
"ENDOSCOPIC DIAGNOSIS ."
"Endoscopic treatment not indicated."
"EoE."
"Epigastric burning pain improved on omeprazole."
"Erosive antral gastritis."
"Examined under white light and NBI."
"Extensive portal hypertensive gastropathy."
"Factor VIII given prior to the procedure."
"Faint red signs on one but no signs recent bleeding."
"FICE used ."
"Final Prague score: C0M1 ."
"Final Prague score: C0M4."
"Final Prague score: C1M5."
"Final Prague score: C8M10."
"Flattened on insufflation."
"Florid oral and upper oesophageal candida."
"Flumazenil given."
"Forest grade III."
"Forrest Ulcer classification: IIc."
"Forrest Ulcer classification:II B."
"Four D2 biopsies were takento rule out coeliac disease."
"Four dD2 and one D1 biopsies were taken to exclude coeliacdisease."
"Fresh bleeding seen in D2 distal to the ampulla secondary to angioectasia."
"Friable ulcerated polypoid lesion in the lower third of the oesophagus ."
"Fuji endoscope through afterwards."
"Fundal polyps are also present ."
"Fundoplication in good position."
"Fundoplication intact on retro-flexion; large solid food residue in stomach."
"Fundoplication normal on retroflexion; erosive gastritis in antrum - biopsy and CLO."
"Further EMR was performed in 3 peices at the GOJ to remove these areas."
"Further snare coagulation over the area was performed."
"G: mild PHG."
"G: No fundal varices seen."
"G: no Fundal varices."
"G: Normal mucosa."
"G: Normal mucosa."
"G: Portal hypertensive gastropathy, more obvious in the fundus."
"G: Severe PHG."
"G: some old flecks of blood in the antrum which washed easily."
"G: Tiny fundal gastric erosions."
"Gastric biopsies taken as on PPI"
"Gastric biopsies taken for HLO - on PPI and unable to do CLO test."
"Gastric biopsies taken from cardia, body and antrum."
"Gastric biopsies taken."
"Gastric fundus biopsies taken, as mostly inflamed area and 1-2mm erosions ."
"Gastric sleeve patent and not dilated, containing large amount of bile."
"Gastric: Oedematous mucosa in atrum - biopsies taken ."
"Gastritis and CLO taken: negative, also gastric antrum biopsies taken."
"Gastritis and duodenitis."
"Gastritis and gastric antrum mucosal erosions-biopsies taken."
"Gastritis- Mild/Moderate."
"Gastritis- Nodular."
"Gastritis, haemorrhagic in fundus and oedema in pylorus."
"Gastritis."
"Gastro-jejunostomy entered, no narrowing, and aspirates taken."
"Gastro-oesophageal anastomosis at 30cm from incisors, which is open with free reflux."
"Gastroparesis."
"GOJ at 33 cm ."
"GOJ at 33 cm."
"GOJ at 35 cm."
"GOJ at 35cm, biopsies taken from lower oesophagus and GOJ."
"GOJ at 36 cm."
"GOJ at 36cm."
"GOJ at 37cm."
"GOJ at 38cm ."
"GOJ at 38cm, biopsies taken."
"GOJ at 38cm."
"GOJ at 38cm."
"GOJ at 39 cm."
"GOJ at 40 cm."
"GOJ at 40cm with small sliding hiatus hernia."
"GOJ at 40cm with stitches from previous repair visible at 3o'clock."
"GOJ at 41 cm."
"GOJ at 41 cm."
"GOJ at 43 cm."
"GOJ at 43 cm."
"GOJ at 44 cm, opening up with no resistance when the scope was passed."
"GOJ nodular area from 38cm-44cm-multiple biopsies taken."
"GOJ on contraction gives a false impression of Schatzki ring."
"GOJ opening well but body of oesophagus dilated."
"GOJ scar tissue and nodular areafrom 39-42cm, biopsied."
"GOJ tight, but patent with Fuji endoscope."
"Good passage to 70cm."
"Good respiratory effort."
"GORD with only partial response to PPI."
"Grade 1-2 oesophageal varices."
"Grade 1-2 varices persist, 2 columns."
"Grade 2 varices with red signs."
"Grade 2-3 varices, several columns."
"Grade A oesophagitis."
"Grade C oesophagitis over 4cm in the distal oesophagus."
"Had an UGI bleed."
"Haemodynamically stable and Hb normal."
"Haemospray."
"Haemostasis achieved."
"He also has erosive gastritis in the fundus."
"He bacame tachy."
"He does not describe any history compatible with upper GI bleed - just significant epigastric pain."
"He had a Paris IIa lesion at 12 and 6 o'clock."
"He had two visible vessels just distal to the GOJ, withina hiatus hernia."
"He has a 2cm as well as grade A oesophagitis."
"He has a duodenal ulcer in D2."
"He has a fullly neosquamous oesophagus with an irregular Z-line."
"He has an erythematous pangastritis ."
"He has an isolate patch of gastritis with the occasional erosion within the fundus which probably accounts for the PET findings."
"He has H Pylori eradication following last examination."
"He is on Barrett's Screeling List in October 2017 at St Thomas'."
"He was dilated to 13."
"Hiatus hernia ."
"Hiatus Hernia- 3-4cm."
"Hiatus Hernia- Large."
"Hiatus hernia otherwise normal to D2."
"Hiatus Hernia- Small."
"Hiatus hernia."
"Hiatus hernia."
"High upper third oesophageal benign stricture post chemo-radiotherapy for neck SCC of unknown origin."
"Hyperplastic polyp extending over greater curve to cardia."
"Hypotensive during procedure but BP better after 500ml of saline."
"I took quadrantic biopsies at 25 cm and 20 cm to exclude eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"In atrial flutter with rate 150"
"In retroflexion wrap non clearly identifyed."
"In the distal tract there is a linear erosion, about 1 cm long."
"In the pyloric channel there is inflammation but no ulceration."
"In view of recent melaena amd Hb drop decision to proceed with banding."
"Inlet patch - No:."
"Inlet patch - Yes or No: No."
"Inlet patch - Yes or No:No."
"Intubation of efferent limb for a length of the scope."
"Irregular Z line."
"It appeared to arise from the floor of D2 but I could not positively identify the major ampulla, so it could be related to that."
"It is 1cm in length."
"It looks like things have improved but not normalised."
"Its removal resulted in a significant pulsating bleed from a vessel at the edge of the EMR."
"Just distal to the anasomosis, inferior wall and anterior wall there were two ulcers with hematin deposits."
"Known Barrett's."
"Known extensive and metastatic gastric cancer."
"Known GOJ adeno-Ca."
"Large 10cm sliding hiatus hernia, with no evidence of reflux disease."
"Large 2cm chronic looking duodenal ulcer in antero-superior aspect of bulb."
"Large food residue in stomach."
"Large gastric food residue, not safe to proceed."
"Large solid food residue in stomach and duodenum."
"Large solid food residue in stomach fundus and in duodenal bulb."
"Large twisted para-oesophageal hernia."
"Large volume ascites seen on recent USS."
"LAWS and bleeding under acetic acid"
"Lax cardia with mild inflammation of the top of gastric folds."
"Lax cardia with small hiatus hernia but no erosive oesophagitis."
"Lesion on retroflexion extending towards greater curve of stomach-biopsied."
"Lifted and ESD performed."
"Likely fundic gland polyps."
"Limited to proximal stomach as there were some food residues and the patient was not tolerating the procedure very well ) ."
"Linear erosions in oesophagus."
"Lower oesophageal biopsies taken as well."
"Malignant gastric cancer 2 by 3cm located ongreater curve opposite incisura rest of OGD normal."
"Mega-oesophagus filled with solid food; unable to identify cardia safely, therefore procedure abandoned."
"metachronous lesions."
"Micronodular gastritis in the antrum."
"Mid oesophageal wide moutheddiverticulum."
"Mild antral gastritis."
"Mild antral localised gastritis - CLO test - negative."
"Mild duodenitis."
"Mild erosive gastritis, likely due to Aspirin - CLO test negative."
"Mild gastric body mucosal thickening and pangastritis."
"Mild gastritis; duodenal diverticulum noted."
"Mild gastritis-biopsies taken from gastric antrum for Hp ."
"Mild lower oesophageal oesophagitis LA grade A."
"Mild non-erosive gastritis in the body."
"Mild oesophagitis LA grade B, sliding hiatus hernia about 3cm."
"Mild oesophagitis."
"Mild PHG, no obvious varices seen in oesophagus or stomach."
"Mildly dilated oesophagus, no oesophagitis."
"Mildly dilated oesophagus; SCJ at 40 cm; no oesophagitis or hiatus hernia."
"Mildoesophagitis grade LA A/B."
"minimal gastritis - CLO test - negative ."
"Minimal oesophageal involvement."
"Minor bleeding which resolved spontaneously."
"Modalities used to achieve haemostasis: 10mls 1 in 10000 adrenaline injected and 2 clips applied."
"Modalities used to achieve haemostasis:."
"Moderate amount of bile in the stomach, with reactive gastritis."
"Moderate amount of fluid in the upper third, requiring suctioning."
"Moderate oesophageal stricture 28-35 cm dilated to 18 mm; large sliding hiatus hernia."
"Mucosa of remnant also abnormal ."
"Mucosa washed with 1% NAC."
"Mucosal inflammation noted from the pylorus to the antrum."
"Mucosal inflammation noted in the antrum with no bleeding."
"Mucosal inflammation noted in the antrum."
"Mucosal inflammation noted in the body of stomach - biopsied."
"Mucosal inflammation noted in the body of stomach with 0: No bleeding."
"Mucosal inflammation noted in the cardia."
"Mucosal inflammation noted in the esophagus."
"Mucosal inflammation with 0: No bleeding."
"Mucosal inflammation."
"Multiple biopsies taken."
"Multiple white plaques throughout suggestive of Candida oesophagitis."
"Mutliple smooth strictures from 25cm to 38cm- scope easily passable."
"N-Acetyl-cysteine used Yes or no."
"Narrow band imaging of the oesophagus: No inlet patch identified."
"Narrow band imaging of the oesophagus:."
"Narrowband imaging of the oesophagus: No inlet patch."
"Narrowband imaging of the oesophagus: No inlet patch."
"NBI used ."
"Neo Z line looks normal at 36 cm."
"NJ placed uder direct vision."
"No active bleeding or altered blood."
"No active bleeding/no visible vessel seen."
"No active ource of bleeding was found."
"No active source of bleeding was found."
"No active ulcer."
"No afferent limb seen."
"No Barrett's seen."
"No bleeding at pylorus and I dont think I dilated it per se with the scope."
"No bleeding seen."
"No bleeding/perf."
"No blood in the UGI tract."
"No blood in the upper GI tract."
"No blood in UGI tract."
"No blood in upper GI tract."
"No blood or ongoing bleeding seen in the UGI tract."
"No blood or sign of recent bleeding."
"No blood."
"No cause for anaemia found."
"No cause for anaemia was found."
"No cause for her pain was found."
"No cervical inlet patch."
"No diverticulum, no massess."
"No endoscopic evidence of GORD."
"No erosions but oedematous folds."
"No erosions in antrum seen this time."
"No evidence of active or recent bleeding seen."
"No evidence of Barrett's oesophagus, short 2 cn hiatus hernia."
"No evidence of hiatus hernia or reflux oesophagitis seen."
"No evidence of ischemia."
"No evidence of malignancy."
"No evidence of oeosphagitis."
"No evidence of oesophageal or gastric varices."
"No evidence of oesophageal varices."
"No evidence of oesophagitis."
"No evidence of recent or active bleeding."
"No evidence of reflux oesophagitis."
"No evidence of reflux."
"No evidence of residual/recurrent Barrett's."
"No fresh blood in the lumen."
"No fresh or altered blood in stomach."
"No fresh or altered blood in the upper GI tract."
"No fundal varices seen."
"No fundal varices seen."
"No fundal varices."
"No fundal varices."
"No gastric varices and no portal hypertensive gastropathy."
"No gastric varices."
"No gastric varices."
"No gastritis."
"No GI cause of dysphagia."
"No haitus hernia."
"No hiatus hernia identified."
"No Hiatus hernia."
"No hiatus hernia."
"No hiatus hernia."
"No hiatus hernia; fundoplication intact; CLO test done."
"No immediate complication."
"No immediate complications."
"No immediate complications."
"No inlet patch seen on narow band imaging."
"No inlet patch seen on narrow band imaging."
"No inlet patch seen on narrow band imaging."
"No inlet patch seen on narrow band imaging."
"No inlet patch was seen in narrow band imaging."
"No inlet patch was seen on narrow band imaging."
"No inlet patch was seen on narrow band imaging."
"no inlet patch was seen on narrow band imaging."
"No inlet patch was seen on narrow band imaging."
"No inlet patch was seen."
"No inlet patch."
"No inlet patch."
"No inlet patchwas seen on narrow band imaging."
"No lifting with St.Mark's solution"
"No macroscopic features of EoE."
"No melaena."
"No mucosal gastric or duodenal lesion."
"No neoplasia."
"No nodular areas seen."
"No nodular or atypical areas examined in WL and NBI."
"No obvious gastric outflow restriction."
"No obvious gastric varices."
"No obvious mucosal lesions but poor views obtained."
"No obvious slipped wrap."
"No oesophageal varices seen."
"No oesophagitis and no hiatus hernia."
"No oesophagitis was seen."
"No ongoing duodenal ulceration."
"No other abnormality idenitified, and this would be consistent with CT findings."
"No other pathology."
"No PHG."
"No polyp with suspicious/different features identified."
"No portal hypertensive gastropathy."
"No potential source of bleeding was found."
"No red spots seen."
"No sinister features."
"No source of bleeding was identified."
"No source of upper GI bleeding was identified."
"No specific lesion identified."
"No stigmata of bleeding."
"No stigmata of recent bleeding."
"No stricture or mucosal abnormality seen."
"No stricture seen."
"No stricture."
"No strictures seen."
"No stricturing seen."
"No ulcer."
"No ulceration, erosion or inflammation."
"No ulcers of erosions seen."
"No ulcers, no recent bleeding."
"No ulcers."
"No ulcers."
"No varices anywhere in the upper GI tract/ no PHG."
"No varices or evidence of portal hypertensive gastropathy."
"no varices seen."
"No varices."
"No visible lesion."
"No Visible lesions."
"Nodular area high on lesser curve, biopsied."
"Nodular at GOJ as previously described."
"Nodule at 28-35cm right wall, Paris Type IIa."
"Nodules between 38 anc 34cm, Paris Type IIa annd covered 75% of the circumference of the oesophagus."
"Non-inflamed Barrett's segment C2M3 with no nodularity or visible dysplasia."
"Normal appearances post THO."
"Normal D1 and D2."
"Normal D2."
"Normal duodenal mucosa."
"Normal duodenum."
"Normal endoscopy apartfrom a 2cm hiatus hernia."
"Normal gastric folds and stomach distension."
"Normal mucosa."
"Normal muosa."
"Normal oesohagus."
"Normal oesophagus to GOJ at 41 cm ."
"Normal oesophagus; SCJ at 40 cm widely patent with 20 mm balloon fitting loosely; both limbs of jejunum entered for 20 cm."
"Normal otherwise."
"Normal overlying mucosa."
"Normal small bowel mucosa."
"Normal stomach and duodenum."
"Normal to D2."
"Normal UGI tract."
"Normal upper GI endoscopy to the Angularis."
"Normal upper GI endoscopy to the Body of stomach."
"Normal upper GI endoscopy to the First part of duodenum."
"Normal upper GI endoscopy to the Second part of duodenum with the exception of small gastric polyps."
"Normal upper GI endoscopy to the Second part ofduodenum."
"Normal upper GI endoscopy to the Third part of duodenum."
"Normal upper GI endoscopy."
"Normal upper GI mucosa."
"Normal Villi."
"Nornal stomach otherwise."
"Not amenable to EMR, looks like T2 endoscopically."
"Not examined for inlet patch as she found the procedure unconfortable towards the end."
"Not examined."
"Not safe to band due to food refluxing up oesophagus but will need re-banding at some point."
"Not the most convincing oesophageal trachealisation - biopsies taken to assess for eosinophilic oesophagitis - proximal, mid and distal oesophagus."
"Now asymptomatic on BD PPI and ranitidine."
"O: 3 x columns of grade 2-3 oesophageal varices from 34cm ."
"O: GOJ at 40cm."
"O: GOJ at 41cm."
"O: GOJ at 42cm ."
"O: GOJ at 42cm."
"O: No oesophageal varices seen."
"O: Normal mucosa."
"O:ulcerated, friable, nodular tissue between 28 to 37cm ."
"Obstructing/Impassable with Fuji endoscope oesophageal tumour at 18cm."
"Oesopahgus- Distal Bleeding-Active ."
"Oesopahgus- Distal Oesophagitis- LA A ."
"Oesopahgus- Distal Oesophagitis- LA A/B ."
"Oesopahgus- Distal Ulcer ."
"Oesophageal biopsies taken from three levels as requested."
"Oesophageal biopsies taken."
"Oesophageal mucosae very friable and inflamed."
"Oesophaghus was furrowed and mild trachealisation ."
"Oesophagitis and induration area at 25cm, biopsied."
"Oesophagitis- LA A ."
"Oesophagitis LA grade B, sliding hiatus hernia 3cm."
"Oesophagitis with superficial, apparently-healing erosions."
"Oesophagus - food bolus in dostal oesophagus - gentle pressure applied to centre of bolus and passed easily into stomach."
"Oesophagus - Normal GOJ 45cm."
"Oesophagus - Normal."
"Oesophagus - normal."
"Oesophagus - Reflux oesophagitis."
"Oesophagus - small <5mmoesophageal varices x2 columns."
"Oesophagus - Small hiatus hernia."
"Oesophagus- 3 columns of well covered grade I varices seen."
"Oesophagus and stomach normal."
"Oesophagus- Barrett with overlying inflammation fro 25cms."
"Oesophagus- Candida in proximal oesophagus."
"Oesophagus dilated; Grade 3 oesophagitis from30-38 cm; 2 cm sliding hiatus hernia."
"Oesophagus- Hiatus hernia seen."
"Oesophagus- No varices."
"Oesophagus normal with no hiatus hernia or oesophagitis."
"Oesophagus normal, GOJ at 38cm normal."
"Oesophagus- Normal."
"Oesophagus normal; SCJ at 40 cm; no oesophagitis, hiatus hernia or dilatation."
"Oesophagus normal; squamo-columnar junction at 38 cm; no hiatus hernia or oesophagitis."
"Oesophagus normal-impression of mild oesophagitis in mid oesophagus-biopsies taken."
"Oesophagus: 2 columns of F1 varices- no signs of recent bleeding ."
"OESOPHAGUS: 2cm ."
"OESOPHAGUS: 2cm hiatus hernia, otherwise normal oesophagus with no lesions."
"OESOPHAGUS: 2cm hiatus hernia."
"OESOPHAGUS: 3 columns of varices which did not compress on insufflation but were small."
"OESOPHAGUS: 4 columns of large varices with red marks throughout oesophagus."
"OESOPHAGUS: angulation of proximal oesophagus as described on barium swallow."
"OESOPHAGUS: At GOJ small nodule likely representing inflammatory polyp."
"Oesophagus: Barrett's - no nodules."
"OESOPHAGUS: Barrett's oesophagus C0 M1."
"OESOPHAGUS: Barrett's oesophagus C0 M2 ."
"OESOPHAGUS: Barrett's oesophagus C0M2."
"OESOPHAGUS: Barrett's oesophagus C1 M5 ."
"OESOPHAGUS: Barrett's oesophagus C3M9, 21-30cm, but squamous regeneration at site of previous APC."
"OESOPHAGUS: Barrett's oesophagus C5M7, 35 cm to 29 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Barrett's osophagus C3M5 34-39cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Candida + moderate oesophagitis."
"OESOPHAGUS: candida throughout."
"OESOPHAGUS: candidiasis from 10 to 25 cm ."
"OESOPHAGUS: candidiasis in the upper third."
"OESOPHAGUS: cervical inlet patch 3 cm ."
"OESOPHAGUS: EMR site has healed well with squamous regeneration."
"OESOPHAGUS: EMR sites - more distal one at 37cm ."
"OESOPHAGUS: Excellent result post EMR with complete squamous regeneation at site."
"OESOPHAGUS: four small islands of Barrett's < 1 sq cm ."
"OESOPHAGUS: gastric conduit anastomosis at 27cm, mild/mod oesophagitis - no narrowing at proximal anastomosis."
"OESOPHAGUS: GOJ at 43 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Grade A LA oesophagitis."
"OESOPHAGUS: Grade A oesophagitis, but appearances nuch improved with no focal ulceration."
"OESOPHAGUS: Grade B oesophagitis."
"OESOPHAGUS: hiatue hernia with irregular Z line at 37 cm but no obvious Barrett's."
"OESOPHAGUS: Hiatus hernia 36-42 cm."
"Oesophagus: In the distal oesophagus there were 3 x 1cm ."
"OESOPHAGUS: Irregular Z-line, no clear visible Barrett's but metaplasia on previous biopsy."
"OESOPHAGUS: island of Barrett's oesophagus"
"OESOPHAGUS: LA A/B."
"OESOPHAGUS: Lax LOS ."
"OESOPHAGUS: mid-oesophageal candidiasis."
"OESOPHAGUS: mild candidiasis."
"OESOPHAGUS: Mild narrowing at oesophago-conduit anastomosis in neck, required balloon dilatation 20mm ."
"OESOPHAGUS: mild oesophageal candidiasis."
"OESOPHAGUS: mildly dilated oesophagus with traces of food and saliva requiring suctioning."
"OESOPHAGUS: Mucosa washed with 1% NAC."
"Oesophagus: Multiplewhite exudates throughout the oesophagus resembling candida but could be food debris."
"OESOPHAGUS: Neo Z line at 44 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: no obvious lesions, some neovascularity 28cm ?"
"OESOPHAGUS: No residual Barrett's post HALO RFA."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal - slightly dilated and very mild irregularity of scj in keeping with reflux but no frank oeosphagitis."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal apart from possible mild trachealization."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal apart from small hiatus hernia."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GO) J at 40 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 35 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 36 cm ."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 36 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 37 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 38 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 39 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 4 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 40 cm ."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 40 cm ."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 40 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 40 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 41 cm ."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 41 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 41 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 42 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 43 cm ."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 43 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 45 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 46 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 47 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ at 48 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJ, no inlet patch seen on narrow band imaging."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal to GOJN at 39 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal, no appreciable hiatus hernia."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal, no evidence of residual dysplasia under FICe."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal, no residual Barrett's post HALO RFA."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normal."
"oesophagus: Normal."
"OESOPHAGUS: Normalto GOJ 40 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: oesophageal candidiasis in the lower third."
"OESOPHAGUS: Oesophageal candidiasis in the upper third of the oesophagus."
"OESOPHAGUS: Oesophagitis - linear ulceration at 3 oclock - biopsy taken."
"OESOPHAGUS: Oesophagitis- LA A ."
"OESOPHAGUS: Oesophagitis- LA A mild, distal."
"OESOPHAGUS: Oesophagitis- LA A/B ."
"OESOPHAGUS: Oesophagitis- LA B ."
"OESOPHAGUS: Oesophagitis- LA C ."
"OESOPHAGUS: one linear varix, small size, flattened on insufflation, with no red signs."
"OESOPHAGUS: patchy area of candidiasis on the right wall ."
"OESOPHAGUS: Proximal inlet patch 20cm, grade A oesophagitis."
"OESOPHAGUS: Residual slightly raised area at right wall just above GOJ -bx taken."
"OESOPHAGUS: resolving oesophageal candidiasis."
"OESOPHAGUS: Short segment of Barrett's C0M1 and islands."
"OESOPHAGUS: Short tongue of Barrett's remians, C0M4 left wall."
"OESOPHAGUS: slightly tortuous and dilated but normal mucosa throughout."
"OESOPHAGUS: Small 1cm hiatus hernia."
"OESOPHAGUS: small elevated area ."
"OESOPHAGUS: small hiatus hernia and mild erosive oesophagitis ."
"OESOPHAGUS: Small hiatus hernia."
"OESOPHAGUS: Subtle Schatzki ring, mild oesophagitis above 2cm hiastus hernia, biopsies from 30 and 20cm to check for eosinophilia."
"OESOPHAGUS: the previous subepithelial lesion measuring 1."
"OESOPHAGUS: three varices in the distal tract, one medium size, the other 2 small and flattened on insufflation, all well covered."
"OESOPHAGUS: tight proximal anastomotic stricture - dilated 20mm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Top of gasric folds at 31 cm and several islands at 28-26 cm, at right and posterior walls."
"OESOPHAGUS: top of gastric fold and neo-Zline at 38 cm, 36 and 35 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Tortuous oesophagus, minimal resistance at GOJ."
"OESOPHAGUS: traces of scarring post bleach ingestion with no inflammation, no strictures and no ulcerations, oesophagus essentially looks normal; GOJ at 40 cm."
"OESOPHAGUS: Tumour commencing just below Z-line extending into lesser curve as previously described."
"OESOPHAGUS: Two 0."
"OESOPHAGUS: two clips still in situ."
"OESOPHAGUS: two short segments of Barrett's oesophagus, max 1 cm each, at 36 to 37 cm, C0M1."
"OESOPHAGUS: Two strictures post RFA - the first at the island treated 26cm tight but able to pass Olympus scope."
"OESOPHAGUS: Two tiny polyps at 25cm ."
"OESOPHAGUS: Varices- 3 columns grade 2."
"OESOPHAGUS: Varices- Four columns."
"OESOPHAGUS:Mild inflammaton at oesophago-conduit anastomosis - widely patent."
"OESOPHAGUS:Normal no ulceration/varices."
"OESOPHAGUS:Normal."
"OGD today to assess for ulceration/ongoing bleeding."
"OGJ and islands were treated with APC 40W with good effect."
"On retroflexion the wrap is in correct position, with no evidence of recurrent hiatus hernia."
"On treatment dose LMWH for bilateral PE and portal vein thrombosis."
"One of the vessels was visibly bleeding."
"Opposite to this at 3 oclock at the GOJ there looked to be some discrete inflamed mucosa but no lesion."
"Otherwise entirely normal study."
"Otherwise normal mucosa."
"Otherwise normal to D2."
"Otherwise normal UGI tract."
"Otherwise Normal upper GI endoscopy to the Second part of duodenum."
"Otherwise oesophagus normal."
"Patient did not tolerate the procedure and was panicking and pulling the scope out."
"Performed with FFP cover patient had INR 1."
"PHG and single grade 1 varix as noted below."
"PHG."
"Poorly tolerated procedure with burping by the patient and prolapse of gastric content and mucosa within oesophagus."
"Post laparoscopic Nissen's fundoplication 4y ago."
"Post surgical stomach with a normal pylorus leading to a normal D1 and then into a normal looking D2."
"Post total gastrectomy."
"Presence of surgical stiches and superficial ulceration at the gastroenteric anastomoses."
"Previous OGDshowed LA grade C reflux oesophagitis above a hiatus hernia and gastroduodenitis."
"Previous partial gastrectomy."
"Probable visible vessel but no stigmata of recent haemorrhage."
"Procedure abandoned due to high risk of aspiration and poor views."
"Procedure done under enhanced sedation by ITU team."
"Proceed to colonoscopy today as planned."
"Prominentfolds superior to the antrum - biopsied x 2."
"Proximal to the pylorus was an anastomosis opening into a loop with 2 openings ?"
"Pt on clopidogrel and NJT in situ, and dilatation not performed."
"Pt with known lower oesoph SCC post chemoradiotherapy."
"Pushed through easily and rotated."
"pylori, confirming eradication after previous treatment from GP ."
"Pylorus and duodenum intact."
"Pylorus and duodenum normal."
"Pylorus dilated up to 20mm with good effect."
"Pylorus initially quite tight and difficult to enter but admitted scope."
"Quad bx takenat GOJ, 39,37M."
"Quadrantic biopsies taken at 36, 34 and 32 cm."
"Quadrantic biopsies taken at: 38, 36 and 34cm."
"Quadrantic biopsies taken at: 38cmx4,36cmx2."
"Quadrantic biopsies taken at: 39,37,35."
"Quadrantic biopsies taken at: 41, 39, 37, 35, 33 and 31 cm."
"Quadrantic biopsies taken at:32cmx4."
"Quadrantic biopsies were taken at 30 cm and 20 cm to rule out eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"Quadrantic biopsies were taken at 31 cm and 21 cm to rule out eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"Quadrantic biopsies were taken at 33 cm, 24 cm and 21 cm to rule out eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"Quadrantic biopsies were taken at 34 cm, 25 cm and 20 cm to rule out eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"Quadrantic biopsies were taken at 35 cm and 25 cm plus 2 biopsies at 20 cm to exclude eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"Quadrantic biopsies were taken at 35 cm and 25 cm, plus two more biopsies at 20 cm to rule out eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"Quadrantic biopsies were taken at 35 cm and twobiopsies were taken at 25 cm to rule out eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"Quadrantic biopsies were taken at 35 cm, 25 cm and 20 cm to rule out eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"Quadrantic biopsies were taken at 35 cm, 25 cm and 20 cm to rule out eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"Quadrantic biopsies were taken at 35 cm, 25 cm and two more at 20 cm to rule out eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"Quadrantic biopsies were taken at 39 cm and 29 cm to exclude eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"Quadrantic biopsies were taken at36 cm, 26 cm and 21 cm to rule out eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"Removed with biopsy forceps."
"Repositioned with bumper clear of gastric wall."
"Representative biopsies taken."
"Rest of upper GI tract normal."
"Retrieved with the aid of snare."
"Review histology at MDT."
"Scope easily passed through."
"Scope not attempted as hypotensive."
"Scope not held by stricture and I suspect dysphagia is more likely due to this poorly motile area of oesophagus rather than stricture."
"Scope passed through easily."
"See pictures."
"Self limited."
"Sessile polyp in the body of stomach - ulcerated - biopsied."
"Seven bands applied on 4 columns starting at OGJ."
"Several erosions/small ulcers in inflammed antrum."
"Several fundal gland polyps in the body."
"Several sessile polyps in stomach; fundoplication intact on retro-flexion; no hiatus hernia."
"Severe portal hypertensive gastropathy seen."
"Sha has a 2cm ."
"Shatzki ring at the OGJ."
"She also has a cervical inlet patch of dubious significance."
"She has a 6cm hiatus hernia."
"She has a few scattered telangiectasia in the antrum."
"She has a Paris subcentimetre 1s nodule at the GOJ which is likely to be hyperplastic or regenerative."
"She has a Schatzki ring which is the likely cause of her dysphagia."
"She has a short stricture with normal looking mucosa just distal to the larynx t about 18cm."
"She has a small hiatus hernia ."
"She has an atrophic looking stomach ."
"She has an irregular Z line with columnar mucosa to the top of the gastric folds only."
"She has an mid-oesophageal ulcer oesophageal varices around 40cm a second procedure was performed with intention of banding."
"She has had a duodenal ulcer with resection / ?"
"She has no hiatus hernia or evidence of reflux oesophagitis."
"Site clipped."
"Sliding hiatus hernia 3cm, GOJ biopsies taken."
"Sliding hiatus hernia 4cm."
"Slightly prominent ampulla but not biopsied - did not look abnormal."
"Small 2cm hiatus hernia but otherwise normal upper GI endoscopy to the Third partof duodenum."
"Small 2cm recurrent HH."
"Small 2cm sliding hiatus hernia."
"Small amount of bile in the gastric conduit."
"Small atypical-looking areas at GOJ - 11 o'clock and small nodular area at 3 - 4 o'clock - biopsied x 4."
"Small benign gastric polyp/oedematous mucosa on GOJ side not biopsied."
"Small cyst in lower osophagus."
"Small gastric remnant with apparent Polya reconstruction."
"Small HH."
"Small hiatus hernia from 38 to 41cm."
"Small hiatus hernia only."
"Small hiatus hernia."
"Small oesophageal diverticulu at 20cms and florid candida."
"Small patch of angiodysplasia in the fundus, not actively oozing."
"Small polyp on fold in fundus, biopsied x1."
"Small polyp on incisura"
"Small possible submucosal lesion along the left side of pharynx."
"Small schatski beyond."
"Small schazki ring in lwer oesophagus that."
"Small sliding hiatus hernia about 2cm."
"Smallpolyp at D1/D2 junction seen from 2012."
"So procedure abondoned."
"Some scarring from previous banding at distal third."
"Some squamous papillomas in the distal oesophagus ."
"Some washing performed but concern regarding aspiration if copious washing performed."
"Specifically, no evidence of oesophageal varices."
"Stomach - gastritis and small pre-pyloric erosion - biopsed - not ulceration."
"Stomach - Large well coveredf gastric varix extending from GOJ - no sign of active bleeding."
"Stomach - mild gastritis CLO - negative."
"Stomach - mild gastritis CLO taken - NEGTIVE."
"Stomach - Normal."
"Stomach - normal."
"Stomach - Normal."
"Stomach and duodenum normal."
"Stomach and duodenum with no mucosal lesion."
"Stomach and duodenum: normal with no mucosal lesion."
"Stomach and duodenum: normal."
"Stomach and pylorus normal; fundoplication visible on retroflexion."
"Stomach- Antrum and Stomach- Pylorus Gastritis- Erosion."
"Stomach- Antrum Gastritis- Mild."
"Stomach- Antrum Gastritis- Mild/Moderate."
"Stomach- Antrum Gastritis- Moderate."
"Stomach- Antrum Gastritis- Nodular."
"Stomach- Body and Stomach- Antrum Gastritis- Mild/Moderate."
"Stomach- Body Polyp- Pedunculated ."
"Stomach- Body Polyp with Biopsies Taken-Multiple."
"Stomach contains large amount of solid food residue; fundoplication visible on retroflexion."
"Stomach- Fundus, Stomach- Cardia and Stomach- Body Normal."
"Stomach- Moderate gastritis."
"Stomach- No gastric varices."
"Stomach- Normal."
"Stomach- Pylorus and DUODENUM: Normal."
"Stomach- Pylorus Gastritis- Mild/Moderate."
"Stomach- Pylorus Gastritis- Nodular with erosions."
"Stomach- Pylorus Polyp- 2cm."
"Stomach- Pylorus slightly oedematous, folds no obstruction."
"Stomach- Pylorus."
"Stomach- very nodular mucosa with mild antral gastritis."
"Stomach, pylorus and duodenum normal."
"Stomach, pylorus andduodenum normal."
"STOMACH/ DUODENUM: Normal."
"STOMACH: 2 cm sliding hiatus hernia."
"STOMACH: 2 cm sliding hiatus hernia; mild non-erosive gastritis, more prominent in antrum - CLO test: negative."
"STOMACH: 2 cm sliding hiatus hernia; non-erosive antral gastritis."
"STOMACH: 2 mm ulcer in antrum, with clean base and surrounding oedema."
"STOMACH: 2-3 cm sliding hiatus hernia."
"STOMACH: 4 cm sliding hiatus hernia from 35 to 39 cm; normal stomach."
"STOMACH: 4 mm sessile polyp in atrum, smooth, erythematous surface - biopsied x 2; at least three < 2 mm gastric fundic polyps - biopsied x 2."
"STOMACH: 5 cm sliding hiatus hernia with gastric prolapse."
"STOMACH: 5 cm sliding hiatus hernia."
"STOMACH: 6 sessile polyps in mid-body and lesser curve, max size 4 mm - biopsied x 2."
"STOMACH: a couple of small erosions in fundus and mid-body - CLO test positive."
"STOMACH: absent, jejunum healthy - aspirates for small bowel overgrowth."
"STOMACH: antral erythema with few scattered erosions."
"STOMACH: Antral gastris."
"STOMACH: as above."
"STOMACH: At the anastamosis there was circumfrential slow oozing and ulceration."
"STOMACH: Clip still in place from previous polypectomy, thpugh no clear residual polyp."
"STOMACH: diffuse gastritis with angiodysplasia and punctate bleeding site on greater curve mid body - no obvious ulcer- antrum scar ?"
"STOMACH: diffuse gastritis."
"STOMACH: erosive antral gastritis - CLO test negative."
"STOMACH: Erythema with small erosion at antrum."
"Stomach: few 3mm polyps in stomach with 4mm polyp in fundus ."
"STOMACH: food residue ++ consistent with delayed gastric emptying"
"STOMACH: Food residue."
"STOMACH: gastritis in antrum - CLO test: negative."
"STOMACH: gastritis in the body and fundus, CLO test - positive."
"STOMACH: Gastritis- Mild No ulceration seen."
"STOMACH: Gastritis- Mild of body/fundus - Clo test taken."
"STOMACH: Gastritis- Mild."
"STOMACH: Gastritis- Mild/Moderate."
"STOMACH: Gastritis with erosions in the antrum."
"STOMACH: gastritis."
"STOMACH: Healthy conduit, widely patent pylorus."
"STOMACH: Hiatus hernia, sliding, 3 cm."
"STOMACH: hiatus hernia."
"STOMACH: intact fundoplication, prepyloric oedematous folds, slightly friable -biopsies sent."
"STOMACH: large hiatus hernia."
"STOMACH: Large hiatus hernia."
"STOMACH: large, 5 - 6 cm sliding hiatus hernia."
"STOMACH: linear erosions at distal gastric body with traces of altered blood."
"STOMACH: max 2 cm sliding hiatus hernia, seen on retroflexion only."
"STOMACH: Mild antral erythematous gastritis."
"STOMACH: mild antral gastritis with 5 mm area of slightly raised and eroded mucosa at antrum greater curve which was biopsied."
"STOMACH: mild antral gastritis, biopsies taken."
"STOMACH: Mild antral gastritis."
"STOMACH: mild antral non-erosive gastritis."
"STOMACH: Mild generalised gastritis."
"STOMACH: Mild nodular areas of inflammation in antrum - biopsies for h pylori as on PPI."
"STOMACH: mild non-erosive antral gastritis - CLO test - negative."
"STOMACH: mild non-erosive antral gastritis, CLO test - negative."
"STOMACH: mild non-erosive gastritis in fundus."
"STOMACH: Mild patchy gastritis."
"STOMACH: Mild PHG, no varices."
"STOMACH: Mild portal hypertensive gastropathy."
"Stomach: Mild, non-specific antral gastritis."
"Stomach: mild/moderate erosive gastritis."
"STOMACH: Mild/Moderate gastritis of body and antrum."
"STOMACH: Minimal amount of clear fluid and and bile."
"STOMACH: Minimal antral gastritis, CLO test - negative."
"STOMACH: minimal non-erosive gastritis - CLO test negative."
"STOMACH: moderate antral gastritis - CLO test negative."
"STOMACH: Moderate haemorrhagic gastritis - CLO test negative."
"STOMACH: Multiple gastric polyps in body and fundus."
"STOMACH: multiple large varices in the fundus and body, along the greater curve."
"STOMACH: No food."
"STOMACH: non-erosive gastritis from mid-body to antrum, CLO test: negative."
"STOMACH: normal- CLO test - negative."
"STOMACH: Normal."
"STOMACH: numerous fundic glands looking polyps at body and fundus with size ranging from 2 mm to 10 mm."
"Stomach: otherwise unremarkable."
"STOMACH: Pan gastritis."
"STOMACH: pan-gastritis, with erosive features in antrum."
"STOMACH: partly filled with fresiduals of NG feed."
"STOMACH: PEG in situ, not embeded."
"STOMACH: PEG tube visualised with partially buried bumper and consequent inflammatory mucosa."
"STOMACH: PHG mild to moderate."
"STOMACH: PHG mild."
"STOMACH: Polyps- Multiple ."
"STOMACH: Portal Hypertensive Gastropathy."
"STOMACH: Portal hypertensive gastropathy."
"STOMACH: possible very small isolated varix at fundus."
"STOMACH: previous bypass surgery in 1997 - both loops look normal."
"STOMACH: previous partial gastrectomy."
"Stomach: previous resection."
"STOMACH: significant amount of food residue in the stomach, therefore the procedure was stopped due to risk of aspiration and poor views."
"STOMACH: significant amount of solid and liquid residue present."
"STOMACH: sliding hiatus hernia, 3 cm; non-erosive pan-gastritis, CLO test - negative."
"STOMACH: Small amount of bright red blood that seems to have refluxed back through the pylorus."
"STOMACH: small hiatus hernia, normal stomach otherwise."
"STOMACH: small, 2 cm sliding hiatus hernia."
"STOMACH: streaks of erythematous mucosa at distal body/proximal antrum."
"STOMACH: Streaky antral gastritis with linear erosions."
"STOMACH: subtle non-erosive antral/mid-body gastritis - CLO test - positive."
"STOMACH: The previous deep ulcer remains well covered with OTSC ."
"STOMACH: Tumour extending down lesser curve from just below goj to prepylorus, food residue++ - stenosis of pylorus."
"STOMACH: Ulceration healed."
"STOMACH: very mild antral gastritis ."
"Stomach: x2 inflammatory polyps at cardia, best seen on inversion."
"STOMACH:, Stomach-Mild antral inflammation - biopsies to check for hp as on ppi."
"Stricture at 18cm dilated up to 15mm with good effect."
"Subesquently haemospray was applied to the mid and lower oesophagus."
"The anastomosis looked normal."
"The anastomosis was erythematous with bleeding to touch and oedema."
"The antrum looks spared."
"The covering mucosa is not suggestive of underlying varix."
"The duodenum was also seen to distend well and didn't appear to be compressed extenally down to D2."
"The endoscope passed through the stricture with resistance before dilatation initiated."
"The endoscope passed without resistance."
"The food was stuck just distal to the larynx."
"The GOJ was circumferentially removed by EMR using Duette MBM kit."
"The hiatus hernia is sliding andapproximately 3cm ."
"The intervening mucosa looks normal."
"The last EMR removed felt less easy to suck up than the others."
"The meat bolus was seen in lower segment but could be pushed easily into the stomach."
"The minor ampulla was identified proximal to it."
"The mucosa in between was flat but had abnormal vasculature and pit pattern."
"The mucosa proximal and distal to this segment looked essentially normal apart fromfew scattered tiny white spots."
"The oesophagus and stomach are normal."
"The overall picture appears unchanged compared to the previous description 4 months ago."
"The patient withdrew his consent for the procedure, so no further biopsies were taken."
"The previous reflux oesophagitis has healed."
"The procedure was poorly tolerated, therefore only x 2 biopsies were take at 40 cm, 30 cm and 23 cm respectively, to exclude eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"The proximal oesophagus was intubated but immediately pulled out by the patient."
"The reflux oesophagitis has completely healed."
"The rest of the oesophagus looked normal."
"The stomach and duodenum are also normal."
"The stomach still has a large amount of food residue, which suggests a degree of gastroparesis but there was certainly no evidence of gastric-outflow obstruction with a wide open pylorus."
"The stomach was small but otherwise appeared normal, and duodenum was normal to D3."
"The upper GI tract is normal except for several gastric fundic gland polyps."
"The varices flattened well with air insufflation."
"There is a duodenal diverticulum, just after the D1/D2 flexure but there is no inflammation, ulceration or erosions."
"There is a large exophytic mass, which includes almost the entire lesser curve of the stomach from the GOJ to the incisura."
"There is a new ulcer on the opposite wall to clip - not as deep as previously but may need a second clip."
"There is a very short 2cm just above the GOJ, with some contact bleeding."
"There is no evidence of Barrett's."
"There is no hiatus hernia or evidence of oesophagitis."
"There is very slight and non-restrcitve stricturing at the site of the previous EMR."
"There looked like possible extension into fundus - target biopsied."
"There seemed to be two loops."
"There was a nodular appearance in thedistal and mid-oesophagus of unknown signficance."
"There was loss of pit pattern on surface"
"There was very mild oesophagitis and a single 5mm benign-appearing ulcer at the gastro-oesophageal junction."
"There were mutiple small nodules in the distal oesophagus of unknown significance ."
"There were red spots which did not wash on all 3 columns."
"Therefore multiple polyps were biopsied."
"They are mostly well covered, with red signs on one varix only."
"Thickened mucosal folds at the cardia ."
"Third duodenum compressed by an extrinsic ovoidal shaped mass."
"This couldn't be resolved with the coag graspers so 2 clips were deploted over the vessel and 1:10,000 adrenaline x10ml was injected with haemostasis achieved."
"This was dilated to 12mm with CRE balloon - no immediate complications."
"This was gently pushed through and passed easily."
"This was removed by a 4 peice EMR using Duette MBM kit."
"This was removed by EMR using Duette MBM kit in 2 sections."
"This was removed by EMR using Duette MBM kit."
"Three D2 and one D1 biopsies were taken to excklude coeliac disease."
"Three D2 and one D1 biopsies were taken to exclude coeliac disease."
"Three D2 and one D1 biopsies were taken to exclude coeliac disease."
"Three D2 and one D1 biopsies were taken to exclude Coeliac disease."
"Three D2 and one D1 biopsies were taken to investigate for ?"
"Three D2 and one D1 biopsies were taken to rule out coeliac disease."
"Three D2 andone D1 biopsies were taken to rule out coeliac disease."
"Tight distal stricture which would not allow passage of scope."
"Tight stricture impassable with scope."
"Tiny erosion in the pylorus ."
"Tiny erosions at the antrum."
"Tongue of columnar junction above SCJ at 38 cm; 1 cm slippage of cardia through fundoplication; hiatus hernia repair appears intact."
"Top of circumferential Barrett's 38cm."
"Top of circumferential Barrett's: 33 cm."
"Top of circumferential Barrett's: 43cm."
"Top of gastric folds: 39cm."
"Top of gastric folds: 41 cm."
"Top of gastrisc folds:43cm."
"Top of tongues:31 cm."
"Topf of gastric folds 35cm, 34, 30M."
"Total of 18 ablations."
"Total of 23 ablations."
"Total of 27 ablations."
"Total of 6 ablations."
"Total of 75 ablations."
"towards end of procedure, pylorus less tight."
"Trache in situ."
"Trachealisation of oesophagus."
"Treated- APC."
"Treated with APC at 40W."
"Treated with HALO 90 RFA at 12J."
"Treated with HALO Channel RFA at 12J."
"Treated with HALO RFA at 12J."
"Treated with HALO RFA Channel at 12J."
"Treated with HALO RFA Express at 10J."
"Tumour at 40cm right wall below the Z-line, inkeeping with Type 2 cardia tumour."
"Two biopsies were taken from lower oesophagus to investigate for ?"
"Two congested folds below the OGJ, with variceal-like appearance, which nearly completely desappear on full distention."
"Two D1 biopsies and 8 gastric biopsies taken."
"Two endoclips applied to proximal and distal margins."
"Two oesophageal varices identified at 20cm."
"Type II tumour extending 2cm up to the SCJ, fundus is preserved."
"Type II/III lesion extending slighty across greater curve of stomach."
"Ulcer in the antrum."
"Ulcer in the pylorus."
"Unfortunately the patient pulled the endoscope out on several occasions whilst it was still in the mouth despite adequate sedation."
"Upper and lower oesophageal biopsies taken to exclude eosinophilic oesophagitis in view of dysphagia."
"Upper oesophageal narrowing passable with the scope, normal mucosae."
"Venous/vascular bleb in lower oesophagus - not typical for portal hypertension."
"Very difficult position to treat but 3 clips deployed and adrenaline used."
"Very difficult to get biopsies."
"Very friable with bleeding."
"Very short D1."
"Volvulus partially reduced."
"was oozing after passage of the scope."
"Was scoped in 2015 wuth similar finding so biopsies from Barretts not taken."
"We will re-book for 2 weeks, rebanding."
"Well covered - photographed."
"Wide neck diverticulum in D2."
"Wide open pylorus and normal D1 and D2."
"Wide open pylorus."
"Wrap normal positioned."
"x 6 biopsies were taken."
"x4 biopsies taken."
"x6 D2/3 biopsies taken."
"Z-line at: 36cm - Bravo placed at 30cm- good position at check endoscopy."
"Z-line at: 38cm - Bravo placed at 32cm- good position at check endoscopy."
"Z-line at: 38cm - Bravo placed at 32cm- good positionat check endoscopy."
"Z-line at: 39cm - Bravo placed at 33cm- good position at check endoscopy."
"Z-line at: 40cm - Bravo placed at 34cm- good position at check endoscopy."
"Z-line at: 45cm - Bravo placed at 39cm- good position at check endoscopy."
"Z-line at: 46cm ."
