"3 pieces of pale and tan friable polyp, the largest 8 x 8 x 4 mm."
"4 pieces from 3 x 3 x 2 mm to 2 x 2 x 2 mm, embedded in A1."
"4 pieces from 5 x 3 x 2 mm to 2 x 2 x 2 mm, embedded in B1."
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 2 x 1 x 1 mm and the smallest 1 x 1."
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 2 x 2 x 1 mm and the smallest 1 x <1mm, received on."
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 2 x 2 x 1 mm and the smallest 2 x 1."
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 3 x 2 x 2 mm and the smallest 1 x 1."
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 3 x 3 x 1 mm and the smallest 2 x 1."
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 3 x 3 x 3 mm and the smallest 3 x 3."
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 4 x 2 x 1 mm and the smallest 2 x 2."
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 4 x 3 x 1 mm and the smallest 3 x 1."
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 4 x 4 x 2 mm and the smallest 2 x 2 x 1 mm, received."
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 2 x 2 mm and the smallest 3 x 1."
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 2 x 2 mm and the smallest 3 x 2."
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 2 x 2 mm and the smallest 3 x 3 x 2 mm, received."
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 3 x 1 mm and the smallest 2 x 2."
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 3 x 2 mm and the smallest 2 x 1."
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 4 x 2 mm and the smallest 2 x 2."
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 6 x 4 x 2 mm and the smallest 3 x 3 x 2 mm, received."
"4 pieces oftissue, the largest measuring 3 x 2 x 2 mm and the smallest 3 x 1."
"5 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 4x 2 mm and the smallest 2 x 2 x 2 mm, received."
"6 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 3 x 3 x 3 mm and the smallest 2 x 2."
"6 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 4 x 3 x 2 mm and the smallest 3 x 2 x 2 mm, received."
"6 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 4 x 4 x 2 mm and the smallest 2 x 2."
"6 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 4 x 3 mm and the smallest 2 x 2."
"8 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 4 x 36 x 2 mm and the smallest 3 x 3."
"A biopsy of large bowel mucosa with poylpoidal outline and mild chronic inflammation along."
"A biopsy of largebowel mucosa with features of an inflammatory polyp including."
"A biopsy showing heavily cauterised large bowel mucosa with a lymphoid aggregate."
"A GI biopsy - 39CM X1."
"A GI biopsy - CAECUM X2, ASC COLON X2, DESC COLON X2, RECTUM X2."
"A GI biopsy - CAECUM, ASC, DESC, RECTUM."
"A GI biopsy - COLONIC BX."
"A GI biopsy - GASTRIC ANTRUM X3, GASTRIC BODY X2."
"A GI biopsy - R AND L COLON BX."
"A GI biopsy - RT COLON X2, LT COLON X2, RECTUM X2."
"A GI biopsy - RT COLON X2, LT COLON X2."
"A GI biopsy - SIGMOID AND RECTUM BIOPSIES."
"A GI biopsy - TI CAECUM RECTOSIGMOID."
"A GI biopsy - TI X2 STRIP."
"A GI biopsy - X2 RT COLON BX, X2 LT COLON BX."
"a normal villous to crypt ratio."
"A piece of mucosa with hyperplastic polyp is also present in these sections."
"a pointed cellulose strip."
"A single piece of tissue, measuring 4 x 2 x 1 mm, received on a cellulose."
"A single piece of tissue, measuring 4 x 3 x 3 mm, received on a cellulose."
"A tubulovillous adenoma with low grade dysplasia."
"A very small biopsy of squamous mucosa with loss of superficial layers."
"a) Nature of specimen as stated on request form = '39 cm x 1' ."
"a) Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'Strip TI, caecum, rectosigmoid) '."
"active chronic inflammation of the lamina propria."
"active inflammation is worse towards the most distal biopsies with ulceration."
"acute and chronic inflammation ."
"acute and chronic inflammatory cell infiltrate of the lamina propria, and focal neutrophilic."
"acute inflammation with associated eosinophils."
"adenoma with low grade dysplasia."
"adenoma with low grade dysplasia."
"adenoma with mild dysplasia."
"All areas show squamous mucosa with increased intra-epithelial lymphocytes and basal."
"All embedded in A1."
"All embedded in C1."
"All five biopsies consist of large bowel mucosa and the first two show parts of a tubular."
"All of the biopsies consist of large bowel mucosa."
"All of the biopsies show features of tubular adenoma 's with low grade dysplasia."
"All of the large bowel biopsies have a normal crypt architecture."
"All of these biopsies of colonic polyps show fragments of tubular adenomas withmild to."
"All of these large bowel polyps show hyperplasticdilated crypts with branching smooth."
"All these biopsies consist of large bowel mucosa."
"Along with patchy acute and chronic inflammation, the ileum shows increased."
"Also colonic polyp."
"Also included are pieces of large bowel mucosa with mild architectural distortion and moderate."
"Also included are pieces of large bowel mucosa with no significant histological abnormality."
"Also inlcuded are pieces of non-specialised gastric mucosa with foveolar."
"Also rectosigmoid polyp removed with hot."
"Also small 3mm rectal polyp, likely hyperplastic."
"An occasional non-necrotising epithelioid granuloma is."
"and basal layer hyperplasia which may be due to reflux disease."
"and chronic inflammation."
"and excluded first, before this is managed as Crohn 's disease."
"and mild acute and chronic inflammation in the lamina propria."
"and mild chronic inflammation."
"and mild to moderate acute inflammation in the remainder of the series including the rectal."
"and moderate chronic inflammation with basal plasmacytosis most prominent in the rectal."
"and no significant inflammation."
"and no significant inflammation."
"and replacement by granulation tissue."
"and they favour Crohn 's disease at present."
"and variable mild to moderate chronic inflammation including increased plasma cells."
"appear to be bulbous downgrowths of the epithelium with small buds and the lamina propria."
"appearing rectosigmoid polyp."
"architectural abnormalities are seen."
"architecture is normal."
"architecture respectively and focal active inflammation in the rectum only."
"architecture respectively and no significant inflammation."
"architecture respectively and no significantinflammation."
"architecture respectively."
"architecture with a cribriform pattern indicating focal high grade dysplasia."
"are identified."
"are neutrophilic crypt abscesses."
"are not diagnostic, given the patient 's history the appearances would be consistent with a."
"are not identified."
"are occasional variable orientated smooth muscle fibre bundles within the lamina propria."
"As polyps were seen at colonoscopy,."
"assessment difficult but focally there is an area where the glands show a more complex."
"assessment."
"associated with dilation and lateral branching."
"atrophy or duodenitis."
"atrophy or significant inflammation."
"atrophy."
"Away from these areas and in the third biopsy, the."
"B and C."
"B and C."
"B GI biopsy - R AND L COLONIC BIOPSIES."
"B GI biopsy - RECTAL POLYP."
"B GI biopsy - RT COLON X2, LT COLON X2."
"b) Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'R+L colonic biopsies '."
"be consistent with a hamartomatous polyp."
"be in keeping with ' Barrett's oesophagus with gastric metaplasia '."
"Biopsies of a tubulovillous adenoma with low grade dysplasia."
"Biopsies of large bowel mucosa with mild crypt distortion, focal pyloric gland metaplasia."
"Biopsies of large bowel mucosa with two showing tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia."
"Biopsies of large bowel mucosa, one with focal active inflammation but thereare."
"Biopsies of specialised gastric mucosa with mild chronic inflammation."
"biopsies show normal oesophageal squamous mucosa with no evidence of."
"biopsies, with cryptitis and crypt abscesses."
"Both pieces show tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia."
"Both polyps are tubular adenomas with low grade dysplasia."
"bowel disease are not seen."
"bowel mucosa is within normal histological limits."
"but no active inflammation."
"chronic inflammation along with patchy neutrophil cryptitis within the first biopsy ."
"chronic inflammation and paneth cell metaplasia."
"chronic inflammation but no active inflammation."
"chronic inflammation but there are no specific features and NSAID related."
"chronic inflammation including occasional mucosal giant cells but no clear cut granulomata."
"chronic inflammation of the lamina propria but no histological evidence of a polyp."
"chronic inflammation of the lamina propria."
"chronic inflammation."
"chronic inflammation."
"chronic inflammatory cell infiltrate."
"chronic inflammatory cell infiltrate."
"chronic inflammatory cells in the lamina propria with admixed neutrophils; and scattered foci."
"chronic inflammatory cells in the lamina propria, associated with mild villous blunting."
"chronic inflammatory cells within the lamina propria."
"collagenous colitis needs to be excluded clinically."
"Collections of histiocytes are noted adjacent to ruptured crypts but."
"colon bx x 2, rectum bx x 2."
"colon with distal sparing."
"colonic epithelium with a small fragment of large bowel mucosa."
"columnar mucosa and they show mild chronic inflammation."
"Comment: The appearances are of a non-specific acute ileitis."
"Completeness of excision cannot be assessed due to fragmentation."
"Completeness of excision cannot be assessed due to lack of visible base."
"Completeness of excision cannot be assessed due to piecemeal excision."
"Completeness of excision cannot be assessed due to specimen fragmentation."
"Completeness of excision cannot be assessed due to the fragmented nature of the specimen but."
"Completeness of excision cannot be assessed in these small specimens."
"Completeness of excision cannot be assessed in this small specimen."
"Completeness of excision cannotbe assessed due to lack of visible base."
"Completeness of excision is difficult to determine due to the fragmented nature."
"Completeness of excision is uncertain as the base is not clearly visualised."
"Completeness of removal is uncertain."
"CONCLUSIONS:."
"Congo red staining is negative for amyloid."
"correlate with clinicaland endoscopic findings."
"correlation is advised."
"Crohn 's disease of the ileum is also a possibility given the active."
"Crohn 's disease would be favoured based on distribution."
"Crypt abscesses are also seen and the lamina propria contains a diffuse mixed acute and."
"crypt and villous architecture is normal."
"crypt distortion and increased chronic inflammation."
"crypt distortion in the caecal component."
"crypt distortion or significant inflammation."
"crypt."
"crypts are dilated and distorted."
"cytologically normal glandular epithelial cells and no increase in intraepithelial."
"D and E."
"D."
"D."
"Deep margin: Yes."
"Deeper levels are pending to see if a polyp cuts in."
"deeper levels will be cut to see if any polyp forming pathology cuts in."
"Deeper sections will be cut to see if any polyp forming pathology cuts in."
"Differential diagnosis colitis."
"differentiated adenocarcinoma with ulceration."
"Differentiation by worst area: Moderate."
"diffuse moderate architectural distortion and fairly diffuse severe acute and."
"dilated crypt containing some apoptotic debris."
"disease are not seen."
"disease involvement."
"distinguish between Crohn 's disease and ulcerative colitis."
"distortion and a reactive lymphoid aggregate."
"distortion, mild chronic inflammation and patchy neutrophilic cryptitis."
"Duodenal mucosa with villous blunting, erosion and mild acute and chronic."
"Duodenal mucosal biopsies with mild villous blunting, crypt hyperplasia and."
"Duodenal mucosal biopsies with patchy mildly active chronic infalmmation associated with."
"dysplasia nor invasive malignancy is seen."
"dysplasia nor malignancy is seen."
"dysplasia or invasive carcinoma is seen."
"dysplasia or invasive malignancy is seen."
"dysplasia or invasive malignancy."
"dysplasia or malignancy."
"dysplastic large bowel mucosa is also present."
"Eight pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 2 x 1 x 1mm and the smallest 1 x 1."
"Eight pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 6 x 2 x 1mm and the smallest 3 x 1."
"elastofibroma."
"endoscopic impression of submucosal lipoma."
"eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"epithelial lymphocytes and no chronic or active inflammation."
"epithelial lymphocytes or inflammation."
"epithelial lymphocytes."
"epithelial neutrophils and occasional foci of cryptitis."
"epithelial neutrophils/cryptitis."
"evidence of fungal or viral infection."
"evidence of microscopic colitis."
"Excision appears complete in the plane examined."
"Excision is close but complete."
"Excision is complete."
"Features of coeliac disease are not seen."
"Features of microscopic colitis or inflammatory bowel disease are not seen."
"Features of microscopic colitis or inflammatory bowel."
"Features of microscopic colitis or inflammatory."
"Features of microscopic colitis or."
"few vertical smooth muscle fibres in the lamina propria."
"final two of large bowel mucosa."
"focal high grade dysplasia."
"For further classification, designated pancolonic biopsies."
"For further testing - circled areas approximately 30% cellularity overall."
"Four biopsies appear to consist of small bowel mucosa, the next of ileo-caecal valve and the."
"Four fragments of large bowel mucosa, all of which show hyperplastic polyps."
"Four out of five pieces of large bowel mucosa received show tubular adenoma."
"Four pieces of tan pale tissue at the 5 x 1 x 1 mm received on card."
"Four pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 3 x 2 x 2 mm and the smallest 2 x 2."
"Four pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 3 x 2 x less than 1mm and the smallest 2 x 1 x."
"Four pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 3 x 3 x 2mm and the smallest 1 x 1."
"Four pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 3 x 3 x 2mm and the smallest 2 x 2 x 1mm,."
"Four pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 4 x 3 x 2mm and the smallest 2 x 2 x 1mm,."
"Four pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 1 x <1mm and the smallest 2 x 2."
"Four pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 3 x 1 mm and the smallest 3 x 3."
"Four pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 3 x 2mm and the smallest 3 x 3."
"Four pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 3 x 2mm and the smallest 4 x 3."
"Four pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 6 x 2 x 1mm and the smallest 3 x 2."
"Four pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 7 x 2 x 2mm and the smallest 1 x 1."
"from lower and 4 from mid oesophagus then the eosinophil counts are as follows:."
"from mild melanosis coli."
"from the descending colon shows a focus of neutrophilic cryptitis and a neutrophilic crypt."
"full excision is uncertain."
"GI biopsy - HEPATIC, RECTUM."
"GI biopsy - RECTAL POLYP ."
"GI biopsy - RECTOSIGMOID POLYP."
"GI small specimen- 2X RT; 2X LT COLON BX."
"GI small specimen-2X RT COLON, 2X LT COLON."
"giardia organisms are seen."
"giardia organisms or granulomas are seen."
"giardia organisms or granulomas are seen."
"GOJ inflammatory nodule."
"grade dysplasia or invasive carcinoma is seen."
"grade dysplasia or invasive malignancy is seen."
"granuloma are seen in the lamina propria and unrelated to crypts, as well as in the submucosa."
"granuloma formation."
"granulomas are seen."
"granulomas are seen."
"granulomas or crypt architectural abnormalities are seen."
"granulomas, ova or parasites are seen."
"granulomas, ova or parasites are seen."
"granulomatous inflammation indicating Crohn 's disease in the colorectum and probably in the."
"haemorrhage of, and a few muciphages in, the lamina propria; thickening of the muscularis."
"hamartomatous polyp."
"Having said that I can say with confidence that there is no obvious dysplasia or malignancy."
"Helicobacter like organisms are not seen."
"Helicobacter-like organisms ."
"Helicobacter-like organisms and intestinal metaplasia."
"high grade dysplasia or invasive malignancy."
"histological diagnosis colitis) ."
"If the 8 biopsies in specimen A are divided equally along the strip with 4."
"If the biopsies are truly from the tubular oesophagus the features would be consistent."
"Immunohistochemistry for CMV has been requested and a."
"Immunohistochemistry for CMV is negative."
"immunohistochemistry for cytomegalovirus is also negative."
"Immunohistochemistry is negative for DOG1, CD117, CD34, SMA, Desmin, MNF116 and S100."
"In addition there is thickening."
"in the lamina propria only."
"In the transverse colon sub-mucosa there."
"inactive gastritis with patchy intestinal metaplasia in the non-specialised mucosa."
"including cryptitis and crypt abscess formation and mild crypt distortion, The."
"including terminal ileum are advised."
"increase in lamina propria chronic inflammatory cells."
"increased intraepithelial eosinophils, ranging from 70 to 25 per high power field ."
"infections, diverticular disease, chronic inflammatory bowel disease and mucosal prolapse."
"infectious causes, drugs and in chronic inflammatory bowel disease."
"infiltration of the surface epithelium."
"inflammation and no parasites are seen."
"inflammation is seen."
"inflammation of the lamina propria."
"inflammation of the left colon and rectum, and scattered granulomas throughout."
"inflammation or crypt distortion is seen."
"inflammation or infection is also possible."
"inflammation with basal plasmacytosis."
"inflammation with minor crypt distortion."
"inflammatory bowel disease are not seen."
"inflammatory bowel disease."
"inflammatory cell infiltrate and neutrophilic cryptitis."
"inflammatory cell infiltrate and patchy crypt abcess formation and neutrophilic cryptitis."
"inflammatory cells in the lamina propria and mild crypt dilatation, particularly near the."
"inflammatory cells in the lamina propria."
"inflammatory cells within the lamina propria."
"intra-epithelial lymphocytes ."
"Intraepithelial lymphocytes are not increased overall."
"intra-epithelial lymphocytes which can be associated with Coeliac."
"invasion cannot be ruled out."
"invasive carcinoma is seen."
"invasive malignancy is seen."
"Involvement of margins by carcinoma:."
"is a granuloma ."
"is also a mild increase in lamina propria chronic inflammatory cells."
"is no evidence of microscopic colitis or inflammatory bowel disease."
"is no significant increase in inflammatory cells."
"is not enough histological evidence to support a diagnosis Description."
"is patchy mild chronic inflammation but no acute inflammatory cells are seen."
"Is there history of diarrhoea."
"is thickened and disorganised and focally shows parakeratosis and keratin pearl formation."
"is within normal range."
"It is not possible to comment on completeness of excision as the margins are not obvious."
"It is not possible to comment on completeness of excision."
"keeping with a pseudopolyp."
"Kikuchi level: sm2."
"lamina propria chronic inflammatory cells but no active inflammation."
"lamina propria expanded by acute and chronic inflammation."
"Large bowel mucosa biopsies with several infiltrated by a poorly."
"large bowel mucosa, and all are within normal histological limits."
"layer hyperplasia."
"less than 1mm, received on a pointed cellulose strip."
"lymphocytes ."
"lymphocytes is within normal range."
"lymphocytes or inflammation."
"lymphocytes up to 34 per 100 enterocytes."
"lymphocytes."
"Lymphovascular invasion: Not identified."
"Macroscopic Description."
"malignancy is seen."
"malignancy is seen."
"malignancy."
"Maximum depth of invasive tumour from muscularis mucosae 3."
"metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy."
"metaplasia."
"microscopic colitis."
"microscopic colitis."
"Microscopic Description."
"Mid = 16 per hpf."
"mild chronic inflammation but no significant loss of chronic inflammatory cell."
"mild crypt architectural distortion and a mild and patchy increase in chronic inflammatory."
"moderate chronic inflammation of the lamina propria."
"moderate chronic inflammation."
"moderate dysplasia."
"moderate, focally severe left sided activity."
"Most of these large bowel mucosa biopsies are normal but one shows focal."
"mucosae with vertical muscularisation of the lamina propria; and elongation of the crypt."
"muscle fibres extending into the lamina propria."
"NA"
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = '2x right colon, 2x left colon '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = '2x right colon, 2x left colon, 2x rectum '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = '2x right, 2x left colon biopsies '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = '2X RT COLON, 2X LT '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = '2X RT, 2X LT COLON '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = '2x TI; 2x right, 2x left colon biopsies '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = '39 cm x 1 '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = '4X LOWER, 4X UPPER OESOPHAGUS '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'CAECUM, ASC, DESC RECTUM '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'Caecum, asc, rectum,desc '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'Colon 2x ' ."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'D2 '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'D2 BX X4 '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'D2 x3, D1 x1 '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'D2 x4 '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'HEPATIC FLEXURE POLYP BX X2 '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'Hepatic, rectum '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'II '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'polyp in GOJ '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'R+L colon bx4 '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'R+L colon x4 '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'R+L colonic biopsies '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'Rectal polyp ."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'Rectal polyp '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'Rectosigmoid polyp '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'right colon x2 left colon x2 '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'RT AND LT COLONIC BX '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'Strip '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'Strip TI, caecum, rectosigmoid) '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'x2 right colon bx, x2 left colon bx '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'x2 right colon bx, x2left colon bx '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'x2 TI, x2 right colon, x2 left colon bx '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'x3 R colon, x3 L colon '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'x4 duodenal bx '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'x6 D2 biopsies '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot ='2x '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = '2x '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = '2x right colon, 2x left colon '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = '2x right colon, 2x left colon, 2x rectum '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = '2x right, 2x left colon biopsies ' ."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = '2X RT COLON, 2X LT '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = '2X RT, 2X LT COLON '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = '2x TI; 2x right; 2x left colon biopsies '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = '4X LOWER, 4X UPPER OESOPHAGUS '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'Caecum biopsy x 2, asc colon bx x 2, desc."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'CAECUM, ASC, DESC RECTUM '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'Caecum, asc, rectum, desc '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'Colon 2x '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'D2 BX X4'."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'D2 x3, D1 x1' ."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'D2 x4'."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'D2'."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'HEPATIC FLEXURE POLYP BX X2 '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'Hepatic, rectum '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'polyp in GOJ' ."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'R+L colon bx4 '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'R+L colon x4' ."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'R+L colonic biopsies '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'Rectal polyp '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'Rectal polyp' ."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'Rectosigmoid polyp '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'right colon x2 left colon x2 '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'RT AND LT COLONIC BX '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'Strip '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'TI'."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'x2 right colon bx, x2 left colon bx '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'x2 TI, x2 right colon, x2 left colon bx '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'x3 R colon, x3 L colon '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'x4 duodenal bx '."
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'x6 D2 biopsies '."
"Nature of specimen not stated on pot."
"necrosis and occasional fibrin thrombi within mucosal bloodvessels."
"negative micro-organism stains, an infection should be considered."
"Neither dysplasia nor malignancy is seen."
"Neither dysplasia nor malignancy is seen."
"Neither dysplasia nor malignancy is."
"Neither dysplasia nor malignancy isseen."
"Neither dysplasia nor malignancy seen."
"Neither dysplasia nor malignancy."
"Neither dysplasia nor."
"Neither dysplasia."
"Neither excess inflammation nor crypt architectural distortion is noted."
"Neither high grade dysplasia nor invasive."
"Neither high grade."
"Neitherdysplasia nor."
"neutrophilic crypt abscesses."
"neutrophilic cryptitis and focal crypt abscess formation is seen within the rectum."
"No acid fast bacilli are seen on Ziehl-Neelsen staining."
"No active inflammation is seen."
"No acute inflammation, granulomas, parasites, gastric metaplasia, dysplasia or neoplasia is."
"No crypt abscess or ulceration is seen."
"No crypt architectural abnormalities are seen."
"No duodenitis,."
"No epithelial atypia is seen."
"no evidence of microscopic colitis or inflammatory bowel disease."
"no evidence of microscopic colitis."
"No features of chronicity are."
"No Giardia or other parasites are seen."
"No Giardia or other parasites are seen."
"No giardia organisms are seen."
"No giardia organisms or granulomas are seen."
"No giardia organisms or."
"No granulomas are seen."
"No granulomas or crypt architectural abnormalities are seen."
"No granulomas or crypt."
"No granulomas or parasites are seen."
"No granulomas or viral inclusions are seen."
"No granulomas, ova or parasites are seen and there is no dysplasia or malignancy."
"No granulomas, ova or parasites are seen."
"No granulomas, ova or parasites are seen."
"No granulomas, ova or parasites are."
"No granulomas, ova or."
"No granulomas, ovaor parasites are seen."
"No granulomas, parasites, viral inclusions, dysplasia or neoplasia is seen and."
"No granulomas, parasites."
"No granulomas, viral inclusions, parasites, dysplasia or malignancy is seen."
"No granulomas, viral inclusions, parasites, dysplasia or neoplasia is seen in any of the."
"No granulomas,ova or parasites are."
"No granulomas."
"No Helicobacter are seen."
"No Helicobacter-like organisms are seen."
"No Helicobacter-like organisms, dysplasia or malignancy is seen."
"No Helicobacter-like organisms, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy is seen."
"No high grade dysplasia or invasive carcinoma is seen in this sample."
"No high grade dysplasia or invasive carcinoma is seen."
"No high grade dysplasia or invasive carcinoma is seen."
"No high grade dysplasia or invasive carcinoma."
"No high grade dysplasia or invasive malignancy is seen."
"No high grade dysplasia or."
"No high grade."
"No intestinal metaplasia is seen."
"No invasive malignancy is seen."
"No normal large bowel mucosa is included."
"No other abnormalities are seen."
"No other abnormalities are."
"no other pathological features."
"No ova, parasites or granulomas are seen."
"No ova, parasites or granulomas are seen."
"No ova, parasites or viral inclusions are seen."
"No ova, parasites or viral inclusions are seen."
"No ova, parasites or viral."
"No parasites are seen."
"No significant chronic inflammation is seen."
"no significant chronic inflammation."
"No significant inflammation is."
"No significant."
"No submucosa is present."
"No ulceration or viral inclusions are seen."
"No viral inclusions are identified."
"No viral inclusions are identified."
"No viral inclusions are seen."
"No viral inclusions are."
"No viral inclusions or granulomas."
"No viral inclusions, granulomas, ova or parasites are seen."
"No viral inclusions, parasites, dysplasia or neoplasia is seen."
"Nogiardia organisms or granulomas are."
"Non-dysplastic colonic mucosa is also present."
"Non-dysplastic large bowel mucosa is also present in each."
"Non-dysplastic large bowel mucosa is also present."
"non-dysplastic large bowel mucosa, but due to fragmented nature of the specimen it is not."
"nor any thickening of the subepithelial collagen plate."
"nor malignancy is seen."
"not show excessive elastic fibres."
"nucleated giant cells."
"Numerous Giardia trophozoites are seen along the surface of the."
"Numerous Helicobacter Pylori organisms are seen."
"occasional crypt abscess."
"occasional neutrophils in the lamina propria."
"Occasional smooth muscle fibres are present within the lamina propria."
"occasional smooth muscle fibres within the lamina propria."
"oedematous lamina propria."
"Oesophageal squamous mucosa biopsies with acute inflammation and fungal hyphae in keeping."
"of adenoma, dysplasia or malignancy."
"of chronic inflammatory cells in the lamina propria and there is no acute inflammation."
"of intraepithelial lymphocytes is within normal range."
"of moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma."
"of neutrophilic cryptitis and crypt abscess formation."
"of the lamina propria and surface epithelium."
"of the strip show similar features to those described in specimen A, with patchy ulceration."
"of the subepithelial collagen layer which can be seen in hyperplastic polyps."
"on a pointed cellulose strip."
"on a pointed cellulose strip."
"on the strip show mild chronic inflammation."
"One biopsy shows tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia."
"One biopsy."
"One of the ascending colon biopsies shows moderately active chronic inflammation."
"One of the biopsies of large bowel mucosa show mildly elongated crypts and occasional."
"One of the biopsies shows focal ulceration with inflamed granulation tissue and overlying."
"One of the biospies show features of mucosal prolapse with mildly elongated crypts and."
"one of the left colon biopsies."
"One piece of normal large bowel mucosa, one hyperplastic polyp and one."
"One piece of tissue, measuring 3 x 2 x 2mm, received on a pointed cellulose strip."
"One polyp is hyperplastic and the other is a tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia."
"One polyp measuring 5 x 3 x 3mm."
"or inflammation."
"or viral inclusions are seen."
"ova, parasites or granulomas are seen."
"Paneth cell metaplasia in the descending biopsies."
"parasites are seen."
"parasites are seen."
"parasites or viral inclusions are seen."
"particular NSAIDs should be considered."
"Patchy neutrophilic cryptitis and focal crypt abscess formation is seen."
"patchy severe dysplasia."
"patchy ulceration and replacement by granulation tissue."
"pending to visualise this."
"per 100 enterocytes."
"Peripheral: No ."
"Pieces of a tubulovillous adenoma with low grade dysplasia."
"pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 4 x 2 x 1 mm and the smallest 2 x 1."
"Please consider Helicobacter infection, NSAID."
"Please consider Helicobacter infection, NSAIDuse and Coeliac disease ."
"Please refer urgently to Lower GI MDM for discussion."
"preserved villous architecture and noincrease in intra-epithelial lymphocytes ."
"probably also representating a small inflammatory polyp."
"propria with occasional foci of mild cryptitis."
"propria."
"pump inhibitor effect."
"raised intra-epithelial lymphocytes up to 34 per 100 enterocytes."
"received on a pointed cellulose strip."
"Recto sigmoid polyp."
"remaining small and large bowel biopsies are unremarkable."
"Repeat biopsy is advised if clinical."
"replacement by granulation tissue with a surface neutrophil exudate and fibrin."
"Right and left colon biopsies."
"Sections show pieces of tubulo-villous and tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia."
"seen in infections, diverticular disease and chronic inflammatory bowel disease."
"seen in the lamina propria of both proximal and distal biopsies."
"show patchy mild acute inflammation with neutrophilic infiltration of crypt and surface."
"shows elongation of crypts, oedema, mildchronic inflammation and congestion."
"shows inflammation and focal fibrosis."
"Sigmoid polyp."
"Sigmoid polyp:."
"significant histological abnormality."
"significant increase in inflammation."
"significant inflammation is seen."
"significant inflammation."
"Six pieces of tissue all measuring 2 x 2 x 2mm respectively, received on a pointed cellulose."
"Six pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 1 x <1mm and the smallest 2 x 2 x <1mm,."
"Small bowel mucosal biopsies with focal moderately active chronic inflammation including."
"smooth muscle fibres within the lamina propria."
"snare, sigmoid polyp removed with biopsy."
"Some areas show ulceration."
"Some chronic inflammation is seen in the sub-mucosa also."
"Some of the lower oesophagus biopsies show non-specific chronic inflammation."
"Some of these polypoid fragments also contain."
"Special stains for organisms are pending for completeness."
"supplementary report will be issued."
"surface, patchy paneth cell metaplasia and a diffuse chronic inflammatory cell infiltrate."
"surface."
"surrounded by lymphocytes and in the granulation tissue, with occasional histiocytic multi-."
"Tan polyp 10 x 10 x 8 mm with stalk 4 mm in length by 3 mm in diameter."
"The 1st, 3rd and 4th biospies of oesophageal-type squamous epithelium show basal."
"The active chronic inflammation in the duodenum is non-specific but may represent Crohn 's."
"The acute inflammation in the ileum is mild and non-specific but may be related to NSAID use."
"The acute inflammatory changes in the caecum and rectum are very mild and non-specific."
"the adenoma is highly likely to be incompletely excised as it is widespread in the dysplastic."
"The adjacent viable mucosa shows."
"The aetiology of the mild chronic inflammation is not apparent histologically."
"The appearances are characteristic of Peutz Jeghers type hamartomatous polyps."
"The appearances are consistent with coeliac disease ."
"The appearances are in keeping with a reactive/chemical gastritis."
"The appearances are in keeping with an inflammatory pseudopolyp."
"The appearances are of a diffuse chronic pancolitis with mild right sided activity and."
"The appearances are of a hyperplastic polyp."
"The appearances are of a lymphocytic duodenosis."
"The appearances are of a lymphocytic duodenosis."
"The appearances are of a mild active chronic colitis and is in keeping with chronic."
"The appearances are of a mild active chronic ileitis."
"The appearances are of a mild active chronic proctitis."
"The appearances are of a mild to moderate active chronic proctitis."
"The appearances are of a moderate active chronic colitis affecting predominantly the right."
"The appearances are of inflammatory bowel disease but the ileal inflammation is."
"The appearances are suggestive of a hyperplastic."
"The appearances are suggestive of inflammatory bowel disease and favour ulcerative colitis."
"The appearances are those of mild acute proctitis."
"The appearances areof a hyperplastic polyp."
"The appearances of the ielo-caecal valve may reflect past ischaemia/post infection."
"The appearances raise the possibility of idiopathic chronic inflammatory bowel."
"The appearances would be compatible with Crohn 's disease but are not diagnostic."
"the appearances would be most in keeping with regenerative pseudopolyps."
"The ascending and descending colon biopsies are within normal histological limits."
"The ascending colon biopsies show normal large bowel mucosa ."
"The biopsies at the designated proximal end."
"The biopsies comprise squamous and columnar mucosa with mild acute and chronic."
"The biopsies consist many of large bowel mucosa within normal histological limits."
"The biopsies include pieces of hyperplastic polyp."
"The biopsies of colonic mucosa are within normal histological limits."
"The biopsies of colorectal mucosa are within normal histological limits."
"The biopsies of duodenal mucosa are within normal histological limits."
"The biopsies of duodenal mucosa includea few Brunner 's glands and are within normal."
"The biopsies of gastric polyps show fragments of fundic gland polyps."
"The biopsies of ilal mucosa, right and left sided colonic mucosa are within normal."
"The biopsies of large bowel mucosa from the caecum and rectum show mild crypt distortion."
"The biopsies of large bowel mucosa show features of a hyperplastic polyp."
"The biopsies of rectal mucosa show mild increase in chronic inflammatory cells, consistent."
"The biopsies of rectal mucosa show patchy mild acute inflammationwith cryptitis and mucin."
"The biopsies of rectal polyp show a tubular adenoma with mild dysplasia."
"The biopsies of right and left side colon are within normal histological limits."
"The biopsies of right side colon show melanosis coli only."
"The biopsies of sigmoid lesion show fragments of tubulovillous adenoma with moderate dysplasia."
"The biopsies of sigmoid polyps show fragments of tubular adenomas with mild and moderate dysplasia."
"The biopsies show large bowel mucosa with a normal crypt architecture."
"The biopsies show large bowel mucosa with a normal crypt architecture."
"The biopsies show large bowel mucosa with preserved crypt architecture and no significant."
"The biopsies show large bowel mucosa with very mild melanosis coli."
"The biopsies show large bowel mucosa within normal histological limits."
"The biopsies show superficial fragments of tubulovillous adenoma with low grade dysplasia."
"The biopsy comprises polypoid squamous and gastric-type mucosa with active inflammation in."
"The biopsy of descending colon polyp shows features of hyperplastic polyp."
"The biopsy of large bowel mucosa shows features in keeping with a hyperplastic polyp."
"The biopsy of rectal polyp shows a hyperplastic polyp."
"The biopsy of rectosigmoid polyp shows features of hyperplastic polyp."
"The biopsy of transverse colon polyp shows crypt crowding and mild crypt epithelial."
"The caecal and rectal biopsies show a very mild patchy neutrophil infiltrate in the lamina."
"The changes are mild and non-specific."
"The changes are mild but are suggestive of collagenous colitis."
"The changes are not considered to be of clinical significance."
"The changesare not specific and whilst this may represent Crohn 's disease, other causes, in."
"The colon/rectum biopsies show patchy moderately active chronic inflamamtion with."
"The colonic biopsies are within normal histological limits."
"The colonic biopsies show large bowel mucosa within normal histological limits."
"The crypt architecture is normal and there is."
"The designated most proximalbiopsy consists of squamous mucosa and the remaining biopsies of."
"The designatedmost proximal two show oedema and a mild increase in chronic inflammatory cells."
"The differential diagnosis Description."
"The distal biopsies show large bowel mucosa with oedema and congestion."
"The distal piece shows a serrated epithelium and would be in keeping with a hyperplastic."
"The distal two biopsies show large bowel mucosa with minimal architectural distortion and."
"The duodenal biopsies are within normal histological limits."
"The duodenal biopsies contain small bowel mucosa with preserved villous architecture,."
"The duodenal biopsies show focal villous blunting associated with surfacegastric."
"The duodenal biopsies show preserved villous architecture with no increase in intra-."
"The duodenal biopsies show preserved villous architecture."
"The entire specimen has been blocked and consists of large bowel mucosa andsubmucosa."
"The features are consistent with a pseudopolyp showing ischaemic-related changes."
"The features are consistent with an inflammatory polyp."
"The features are consistent with pseudopolyps."
"The features are in keeping with a pseudopolyp."
"The features are in keeping with an inflammatory polyp."
"The features are in."
"The features are suggestive of inflammatory bowel disease if infection and drug."
"The features are suggestive of mucosal prolapse."
"The features are suggestive of mucosal prolapse-like changes."
"The features are those of a sessile serrated lesions/polyps."
"The features are those of a sessile serrated polyp."
"The features are those of at least high grade squamous dysplasia 3), and highly suspicious of this being the superficial part of a squamous."
"The features are those of moderate active chronic colitis in keeping with known ulcerative."
"The features are those of non-specific focal acute inflammation."
"The features are those of non-specific, mild acute and chronic inflammation."
"The features are those of patchy eosinophilia within the lower and mid oesophageal biopsies."
"The features are those of sessile serrated lesion polyp."
"The features are those of severe active chronic distal procto-colitis in keeping with known."
"The features are those of severely active, chronic pan-proctocolitis and entirely consistent."
"The features would be consistent with polypoid rectal mucosal prolapse with ulceration/."
"The final two biopsies of large bowel mucosa appear to be within normal histological limits."
"The first biopsy consists of small bowel mucosa and shows a mild and patchy increase in."
"The four most proximal biopsies of large bowel mucosa on the strip show mild crypt."
"The gastric biopsies show specialised gastric mucosa with mild chronic inflammation."
"The gastric biopsies show specialised gastric mucosa with mild chronic inflammation."
"The histological changes are non-specific."
"The ileo-caecal valve biopsy shows similar features, with also mild chronic inflammation and."
"The ileum shows mild chronic inflammation."
"The inflammation does however vary in intensity."
"the lamina papillae and spongiosis."
"The lamina propria cellularity is normal and."
"The lamina propria has a rather hyaline appearances."
"The lamina propria shows mild chronic inflammation."
"The large bowel biopsies are within normal histological limits."
"The large bowel biopsies have a normal crypt architecture."
"The large bowel biopsies in both A and B have a normal crypt architecture."
"The large bowel biopsies show mild melanosis coli."
"The latter shows features."
"The lesion is benign and may represent either a hyalinised leiomyoma or hyalinised."
"The number of intraepithelial lymphocytes is within normal range."
"The number of intraepithelial lymphocytes is within normal range."
"The number of intraepithelial lymphocytes is within."
"The number of intraepithelial lymphocytes."
"The number of intraepithelial."
"The number."
"The oesophageal biopsies contain squamous mucosa with underlying cardia-like glands."
"The one from the ileo-caecal valve."
"The other biopsies show only patchy and mild chronic."
"The other biopsy fragments show large bowel mucosa with melanosis coli."
"The other ileal biopsies."
"The overall features are predominantly quiescent colitis with focal, moderate active chronic."
"The overall features are those of moderate active chronic proctitis with involvement of."
"The polyp biopsies show fragment of tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia."
"The proximal biopsies show large bowel mucosa with mild architectural distortion and moderate."
"The proximal biopsies show no."
"The proximal transverse and decending colon biopsies show patchy moderately active chronic."
"The rectal polyp biopsy shows a small tubular adenoma with mild dysplasia."
"The remaining biopsies are within normal histological limits."
"The remaining biopsies are within normal."
"The remaining biopsies consist of large bowel mucosa and shows similar features."
"The remaining biopsies from the right and left colon are within normal histological limits."
"The remaining biopsies of oesophageal-type squamous mucosa are within normal histological."
"The remaining biopsies show features of hyperplastic polyps, without dysplasia."
"The remaining biopsies show moderate crypt architectural distortion; a diffuse increase in."
"The remaining biopsy of large."
"The remaining biopsy shows features of a hyperplastic polyp."
"The remaining biopsy shows mild crypt distortion."
"The remaining."
"The resection margins are clear of dysplasia."
"The residual."
"The right and left colon biopsies show large bowel mucosa within normal histological limits."
"The right and left sided colonic biopsies are within normal histological limits."
"the right colon biopsies."
"The rightand left sided colonic biopsies are within normal histological limits."
"The sections of ascending colon polyp show a tubulovillous adenoma with moderate ."
"The sections of large bowel mucosa show dilated and distorted crypts with a mixed acute and."
"The sections show a polypoid piece of large bowel mucosa with focal ulceration, mild."
"The sections show a serrated architecture with focal extension to the crypt bases."
"The sections show a tubular adenoma of large bowel mucosa with low grade dysplasia."
"The sections show a tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia."
"The sections show a tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia."
"The sections show a tubular adenomas of large bowel mucosa with low grade dysplasia."
"The sections show a tubular adenomas oflarge bowel mucosa with low grade dysplasia."
"The sections show a tubulo-villous adenoma of large bowel mucosa with low grade dysplasia and."
"The sections show a tubulo-villous adenoma of large bowel mucosa with low grade dysplasia."
"The sections show a tubulo-villous adenoma of large bowel mucosa withlow grade dysplasia."
"The sections show features of a tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia."
"The sections show four fragments of duodenal mucosa."
"The sections show large bowel mucosa with a serrated epithelium."
"The sections show large bowel mucosa with aserrated epithelium."
"The sections show large bowel mucosa with mild architectural distortion and mild chronic."
"The sections show large bowel mucosa with mild crypt distortion and oedema."
"The sections show large bowel mucosa with minimal architectural distortion and mild."
"The sections show large bowel mucosa with minimal architecturaldistortion and mild chronic."
"The sections show large bowel mucosa with no significant histological abnormality."
"The sections show multiple biopsies of small bowel mucosa."
"The sections show multiple biopsies of tubular adenoma 's with low grade dysplasia."
"The sections show multiple large polypoid fragments of tubulovillous adenoma with moderate and."
"The sections show multiple pieces of large bowel mucosa with no significant histological."
"The sections show multiple pieces of large bowel mucosa."
"The sections show multiple pieces of large bowel mucosawith mild crypt distortion."
"The sections show poorly orientated pieces of small bowel mucosa."
"The sections show small bowel mucosa wiht no significant histological abnormality."
"The sections show small bowel mucosa with a normal crypt to villous ratio and no increase in."
"The sections show small bowel mucosa with villous shortening and distortion."
"The sections show smallbowel mucosa with mild partial villous atrophy."
"The sections show tubular adenomas of large bowel mucosa with low grade dysplasia."
"The sections shows large bowel."
"The serial biopsies of colorectal mucosa are within normal histological limits."
"The serial biopsies of ileo-colonic mucosa are within normal histological limits."
"The sigmoid and rectal biopsies show similar features with fairly."
"The sigmoid colon and rectum biopsies show minor crypt distortion and patchy mild to moderate."
"The sigmoid polyp and two of three rectal polyps are hyperplastic polyps."
"The sigmoid polyp is a hyperplastic polyp."
"The sigmoid polyp is a pedunculated tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia."
"The sigmoid polyp is a tubulovillous adenoma with low grade dysplasia."
"The small bowel mucosa shows villous blunting and crypt distortion, associated with a mixed."
"The specimen consists of large bowel mucosa and submucosa and the polyp is a tubulovillous."
"The squamous epithelial cells show moderate cytological atypia, with increased mitoses."
"The squamous epithelium."
"The stalk resection margin appears to be clear of dysplasia."
"The stalk resection margin appears to be clearof dysplasia."
"the surface epithelium and underlying granulation-type tissue with prominent blood vessels."
"The terminal ileal biopsies have a normal villous and crypt architecture and include Peyer 's."
"The terminal ileal biopsies show small bowel mucosa with a normal crypt architecture."
"The terminal ileal biopsies show small bowel mucosa with focal mild neutrophilic infiltration."
"The terminal ileal biopsies show small bowel mucosa within normal histological limits."
"The terminal ileum biopsies show small bowel mucosa with minor villous blunting and mild."
"The third and forth pieces of tissue are faecal matter and blood."
"The third rectal polyp may be a hyperplastic polyp but further levels are required to confirm."
"The tissue architecture is within normal."
"The two most distal biopsies."
"The two most proximal biopsies of large bowel mucosa in specimen A, presumed ascending colon."
"The two most proximal biopsies of large bowel mucosa show mild crypt."
"The villous."
"Thepolyp is a tubulovillous adenoma with moderate dysplasia."
"There are dilated glands."
"There are features suggestive of Coeliac disease in the duodenum but correlation."
"There are no abnormal clusters or aggregates of mast cells."
"There are no definite granulomata, viral inclusions or parasites."
"There are no features of eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"There are no features of microscopic colitis."
"There are no features of microscopic colitisNeither dysplasia nor malignancy is seen."
"There are no fungal elements."
"There are no granulomata, viral inclusions or parasites."
"There are no helicobacter-like organisms."
"There are no parasites or granulomata."
"There are no parasites."
"There are no viral inclusions or parasites."
"there are no well formed granulomas."
"there are occasional muciphages."
"there are occasional neutrophils within the lamina propria but there is no cryptitis or crypt."
"There are occasional neutrophils."
"There are prominent parietal cells and some dilated glands suggestive of PPI."
"There are prominent parietal cells and some dilated glands suggestive of proton."
"There are raised intra-epithelial lymphocytes up to 38 per 100."
"There are reactive."
"There are two biopsies both showing a tubular."
"There are two small fragments of ulcer slough and large bowel mucosa containing a small amount."
"There is a mild excess of chronic inflammatory cells in the lamina propria and there are."
"There is a mild increase in lamina propria chronic inflammatory cells."
"There is a mild increase in."
"There is a mild patchy neutrophilic infiltrate."
"There is a second biopsy of acute inflammatory debris also included."
"There is a single giant cell adjacent to a crypt."
"There is a single."
"There is acute and chronic inflammation."
"There is acute and chronic."
"There is an increase in intra-epithelial lymphocytes ."
"There is at most a mild excess of chronic."
"There is crypt rupture."
"There is diffuse mild to moderate chronic."
"There is focal erosion in the descending biopsies."
"There is focal mild neutrophilic cryptitis in."
"There is focal neutrophilic cryptitis."
"There is focal superficial acute inflammation within the caecal biopsies, however."
"There is focal villous blunting, surface gastric foveolar metaplasia and a mild."
"There is focal."
"There is mild acute and moderate chronic inflammation of the terminal ileum and ileo-caecal."
"There is mild chronic inflammation and mild acute inflammation with cryptitis and an."
"There is mild chronic inflammation."
"There is mild cryptitis in the adjacent mucosa."
"There is mild melanosis coli."
"There is mild."
"There is moderate acute inflammation with luminal acute inflammatory debris, surface."
"There is moderately active, chronic inflammation of the rectum, consistent with ulcerative."
"There is neutrophilic cryptitis and there are."
"There is neutrophilic cryptitis and there."
"There is neutrophilic cryptitis."
"There is no active inflammation."
"There is no acute inflammation, atrophy, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy."
"There is no acute inflammation."
"There is no atrophy,."
"There is no conventional dysplasia."
"There is no crypt distortion or."
"There is no crypt distortion."
"There is no duodenitis."
"There is no dyplasia or invasive malignancy."
"There is no dysplasia or invasive malignancy."
"There is no dysplasia or malignancy in any of the above specimens."
"There is no dysplasia or malignancy."
"There is no evidence of adenoma, dysplasia or malignancy."
"There is no evidence of adenoma,."
"There is no evidence of coeliac disease in these biopsies."
"There is no evidence of coeliac disease."
"There is no evidence of coeliac disease."
"There is no evidence of colitis."
"There is no evidence of Giardia."
"There is no evidence of metaplasia."
"There is no evidence of microscopic colitis or infectious organisms."
"There is no evidence of microscopic colitis or inflammatory bowel disease."
"There is no evidence of microscopic colitis."
"There is no evidence of microscopic colitis."
"There is no evidence of."
"There is no evidence."
"There is no excess of."
"There is no excess."
"There is no granulomatous inflammation."
"There is no high grade dysplasia or invasive malignancy."
"There is no high grade dysplasia or invasive malignancy."
"There is no high grade dysplasia or invasive."
"There is no high grade."
"There is no increase in intra-."
"There is no increase in intra-epithelial lymphocytes ."
"There is no increase in intraepithelial lymphocytes."
"There is no increase in intraepithelial lymphocytes."
"There is no intestinal metaplasia, atrophy or Helicobacter pylori."
"There is no intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy."
"There is no intestinal metaplasia."
"There is no intestinal metaplasia."
"There is no invasive malignancy in this material but given the clinical details."
"There is no invasive malignancy."
"There is no significant acute inflammation."
"There is no significant chronic inflammation."
"There is no significant excess of chronic inflammatory cells in the lamina propria."
"There is no significant increase in chronic inflammatory cells and no active inflammation."
"There is no significant increase in inflammatory cells."
"There is no significant increase in intra-."
"There is no significant increase in intra-epithelial lymphocytes."
"There is no significant increase in intra-epithelial."
"There is no significant inflammation and no parasites are seen."
"There is no significant inflammation or crypt distortion."
"There is no significant inflammation."
"There is no significant inflammation."
"There is no significant."
"There is no signifiicant excess of chronic inflammatory cells in the lamina."
"There is no ulceration."
"There is no ulceration."
"There is no villous atrophy or duodenitis."
"There is no villous."
"There is no."
"There is nohigh grade dysplasia or invasive malignancy."
"There is occasional neutrophilic cryptitis."
"There is only one biopsy of large bowel mucosa with focal acute inflammation in the lamina."
"There is onyl one biopsy received showing normal large bowel mucosa apart."
"There is patchy mild thickening of the subepithelial collagen plate which is most prominent in."
"There is preserved villous architecture but an increase in intra-epithelial."
"There is preserved."
"There is reactive/regenerative surface epithelium and occasional intra-."
"There is still a fifth biopsy buried in the tissue block hence a deeper cut is."
"There is surface gastric foveolar metaplasia."
"There is tubulovillous architecture suggesting at least tubulovillous adenoma."
"There is ulceration and chronic inflammation of the caecum and transverse colon, mild chronic."
"There is."
"There isno dysplasia or malignancy."
"There."
"Thereis no high grade dysplasia or invasive malignancy."
"These are biopsies of large bowel mucosa showing preserved crypt architecture."
"These are biopsies of small and large bowel mucosa showing preserved villous and crypt."
"These are biopsies of small and large bowel mucosa showing preserved villous and."
"These are biopsies of small bowel mucosa including Brunner 's glands."
"These are biopsies of small bowel mucosa including Brunners glands."
"These are biopsies of small bowel mucosa not including Brunner 's glands."
"These are biopsies of small bowel mucosa showing preserved villous architecture."
"These are multiple polypoid pieces of large bowel mucosa including several tubular adenomas."
"These are small bowel mucosa biopsies with patchy mild acute and moderate chronic inflammation with villous."
"These biopsies consist of polypoid pieces of large bowel mucosa with extensive ulceration and."
"These biopsies of duodenal mucosa and submucosa show a normal."
"These biopsies of duodenal mucosa and submucosa show patchy, mild."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa are within normal histological limits for site."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa are within normal histological limits."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa are within normal histological limits."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa are within normal histologicallimits."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa show a normal crypt architecture and a mildly."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa show a normal crypt architecture."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa show a normal crypt."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa show extensive ulceration and replacement by granulation."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa show features consistent with a hyperplastic polyp."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa show focal mild crypt distortion ."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa show mild crypt distortion and minimal chronic."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa show mild crypt distortion and patchy chronic."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa show mild melanosis coli, but are otherwise within normal."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa show mild to moderate crypt distortion, a villiform."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa show mildfeatures of mucosal prolapse, with oedema and."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa show moderate crypt distortion and mild chronic."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa show moderate crypt distortion, a diffuse chronic."
"These biopsies of large mucosa show features in keeping with hyperplastic polyps."
"These biopsies of non-specialised and specialised gastric mucosa show a moderate chronic,."
"These biopsies of oesophageal-type squamous epithelium are within normal histological."
"These biopsies of oesophageal-type squamous mucosa show basal hyperplasia, elongation of."
"These biopsies of small bowel and duodenal mucosa show a normal."
"These biopsies of small bowel and duodenal mucosa show."
"These biopsies of small bowel and large bowel mucosa show a normal villous and crypt."
"These biopsies of small bowel and largebowel mucosa show a normal villous and crypt."
"These biopsies of small bowel mucosa and submucosa ."
"These biopsies of small bowel mucosa are histologically normal."
"These biopsies of specialised and non-specialised gastric mucosa show mild."
"These biopsies of squamous mucosa are polypoid and poorly orientated."
"These biopsies show large bowel mucosa with areas oflow and high grade."
"These biopsies show large bowel mucosa with patchy mild crypt distortion."
"These biopsies show small bowel mucosa with no significant pathological abnormalities."
"These biopsies show superficial fragments of tubulovillous adenoma with low grade."
"These biopsies, examined at 10 levels, consist of oesophageal squamous mucosa showing mild."
"these changes."
"These features can be seen in chronic inflammatory bowel disease."
"These features can be seen in."
"These features can be."
"These two large bowel mucosa biopsies show an inflammatory polyp."
"These two polyp biopsies so far just show normal large bowel mucosa but."
"Thesebiopsies of large bowel mucosa show subtle histological abnormalities only, with mild."
"This biopsy has been examined through multiple levels and consists of superficial strips of."
"This biopsy of large bowel mucosa shows a normal crypt architecture with mucin depletion."
"This biopsy of large bowel mucosa shows crypt atrophy, and mucin depletion with superficial."
"This biopsy of large bowel mucosa shows features consistent with a hyperplastic polyp."
"This biopsy of large bowel mucosa shows mild crypt distortion and mild chronic."
"This biopsy of large bowel mucosa shows mildly elongated crypts and occasional longitudinal."
"This biopsy of small bowel and duodenal mucosa show a normal."
"This can be seen in infections, post."
"This case was discussed at the Inflammatory Bowel Disease MDM on 17-01-17."
"This is a biopsy of gastric mucosa ."
"This is a hyperplastic polyp of large bowel mucosa."
"This is a hyperplastic polyp of large bowel mucosa."
"This is a hyperplastic polyp."
"This is a large bowel mucosa biopsy with minor crypt distortion and mild."
"This is a single biopsy of small bowel mucosa with focal villous shortening."
"This is a tubular adenoma of large bowel mucosa showing mild dysplasia."
"This is a tubular adenoma of large bowel mucosa showing moderate dysplasia."
"This is a tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia."
"This is a tubulo-villous adenoma of large bowel mucosa showing moderate dysplasia."
"This is asingle biopsy of large bowel mucosa which shows marked cautery artefact hindering."
"This is large bowel mucosa with an inflammatory granulation tissue polyp."
"This is large bowel mucosa with features suggesting hyperplastic polyp."
"This is normal large bowel mucosa ."
"This is normal large bowel mucosa including a lymphoid aggregate."
"This may be a small hyperplastic polyp and levels are underway to confirm."
"This polypoid piece of large bowel mucosa shows a mild, diffuse increase in chronic."
"This polypoid piece of large bowel mucosa shows severe cautery artefact, making confident."
"this."
"Three ?"
"Three biopsies of large bowel mucosa showing preserved crypt architecture."
"Three pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 1 x 1mm and the smallest 3 x 2."
"Three pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 7 x 2 x 1mm and the smallest 5 x 2."
"tissue beneath regenerating epithelium."
"tissue, with the residual mcuosa showing severe distortion and a partly villiform surface."
"tubularadenoma with low grade dysplasia."
"Tumour type: Adenocarcinoma."
"Two biopsies consist ofsmall bowel mucosa and the remaining biopsies of."
"Two biopsies of large bowel mucosa with minor crypt distortion and perhaps very."
"Two biopsies show tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia."
"Two of the ileal biopsies show healing ulceration with inflamed, organising granulation."
"Two pieces of tissue, the larger measuring 3 x 2 x 1 mm and the smaller, 2 x 2."
"Two pieces of tissue, the larger measuring 4 x 1 x 1mm and the smaller, 3 x 1."
"Two pieces of tissue, the larger measuring 4 x 2 x 2 mm and the smaller, 2 x 2."
"Two pieces of tissue, the larger measuring 5 x 3 x 1mm and the smaller, 5 x 2 x 1 mm, received."
"Two pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 2 x 1mm and the smallest 2 x 2."
"ulcer slough."
"unusual and correlation with clinical and endoscopic findings is important to."
"Upper = 80 per hpf."
"use and Coeliac disease ."
"valve, consistent with the stated diagnosis Description."
"villi."
"villous architecture and no increase in intra-epithelial lymphocytes ."
"villous architecture but a patchy increase in intra-epithelial lymphocytes up to 38."
"villous blunting associated with a patchy increase in plasma cells and lymphocytes in the."
"villous blunting, near erosion, cryptits and crypt abscess formation."
"villous blunting."
"villous to crypt ratio."
"Whilst the appearances are not diagnostic, given the patient 's history the appearances would."
"Whilst the appearances."
"Width of tumour 8mm."
"with a lymphoid aggregate indicating likely inflammatory polyp."
"with 'Barrett's oesophagus with gastric metaplasia only '."
"with Candida infection."
"with crypts showing a serrated architecture opened to the bases and focal horizontal."
"with mild and moderate dysplasia."
"with quiescent proctitis."
"with serology is required."
"with ulcerative colitis ."
"within the lamina propria and surface epithelium but no cryptitis or crypt abscesses are."
"within the lamina propria and there is very focal mild cryptitis."
"Within the mucosa/submucosa there is a nodule composed of."
