"x"
"- <1 mm from lateral margin"
"- 1 x hyperplastic polyp."
"- 1 x tubular adenoma, low grade dysplasia."
"- 2 biopsies both show tubular adenoma, low grade dysplasia."
"- active chronic inflammation ."
"- Acute and chronic inflammation of the oesophagus; supplementary report to follow with fungal."
"- Acute and chronic inflammation"
"- Acute inflammation"
"- Acute inflammatory exudate"
"- Adenocarcinoma"
"- At least high grade glandular dysplasia"
"- Background Barrett 's oesophagus"
"- Barrett 's oesophagus with gastric metaplasia."
"- Barrett 's oesophagus with intestinal metaplasia."
"- Barrett 's oesophagus"
"- Barrett's oesophagus with intestinal metaplasia."
"- Block sent for DNA ploidy analysis"
"- Candida present"
"- Changes seen adjacent to an ulcer ."
"- Chronic active gastritis"
"- Chronic active inflammation"
"- chronic inflammation with eosinophilia more marked at 32cm than GOJ."
"- Chronic inflammation"
"- Consistent with an inflammatory polyp"
"- Consistent with Barrett 's metaplasia if some of the columnar mucosa biopsies originate from."
"- Consistent with Barrett 's oesophagus with gastric metaplasia."
"- Consistent with coeliac disease"
"- Consistent with fundic gland polyp"
"- Consistent with hyperplastic polyp"
"- Consistent with inflammatory bowel disease"
"- Consistent with known refractory coeliac disease"
"- Consistent with reactive/chemical gastritis"
"- Crohn 's disease."
"- Diagnostic of Barrett 's metaplasia."
"- Erosion and chronic active inflammation"
"- Focal acute and chronic inflammation "
"- Focal gastric mucosa included "
"- Focal mild acute inflammation"
"- Focal mild chronic inflammation"
"- Fundic gland polyp"
"- Fundic type gastric mucosa"
"- Fungi not seen"
"- Gastric HER2 negative"
"- Gastric metaplasia"
"- Helicobacter present"
"- Helicobacter-like organisms not seen"
"- Helicobacter-like organisms present"
"- HSVI, HSVII, CMV, Fungi not seen"
"- In keeping with glycogenic acanthosis"
"- Intestinal metaplasia "
"- Intestinal metaplasia"
"- Into muscularis mucosae only "
"- Intraepithelial lymphocytosis"
"- Intramucosal adenocarcinoma cannot be excluded"
"- Intramucosal adenocarcinoma"
"- Invasion of submucosa ."
"- Lmypho vascular invasion present"
"- Low grade dysplasia"
"- Mild chronic gastritis"
"- Mild chronic inflammation "
"- Mild chronic inflammation and oedema"
"- mild chronic inflammation with raised intra-epithelial lymphocytes ."
"- Mild chronic inflammation within the oesophageal mucosa"
"- Mild chronic inflammation"
"- Mild intrapeithelial lymphcytosis ."
"- Mild melanosis coli"
"- Mild partial villous atrophy"
"- Minimal chronic inflammation"
"- Negative for dysplasia"
"- negative for dysplasia"
"- Negative for helicobacter"
"- Negative for Helicobacter"
"- Negative for HER2"
"- Negative for HLO and dysplasia"
"- Negative for HLO"
"- Neither dysplasia nor malignancy is seen"
"- No evidence of dysplasia"
"- no evidence of polyp ; normal mucosa."
"- No Helicobacter seen"
"- no HLO identified"
"- No intestinal metaplasia"
"- No invasion identified"
"- No polyp identified histologically"
"- non-specific acute and chronic inflammation ."
"- Normal"
"- note: biopsies put into the wrong pots ."
"- Partial villous atrophy"
"- Patchy eosinophilia ."
"- positive for HLO"
"- possible eosinophilic oesophagitis"
"- raised intra-epithelial lymphocytes ."
"- Raised intra-epithelial lymphocytes "
"- See text"
"- some dilated glands ."
"- Squamous cell carcinoma"
"- Squamous epithelium only"
"- Submucosa not included"
"- Subtotal villous atrophy ."
"- Suggestive of eosinophilic oesophagitis"
"- Suggestive of reactive/chemical gastritis"
"- Supplementary report to follow with HER-2 test result"
"- Tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia"
"- tubular adenoma, low grade dysplasia x 1."
"- Tubular adenoma"
"- Ulceration"
"- Up to 34 eosinophils per high power field"
"- Within normal histological limits"
"- within normal histological limits"
"- Within normal histologicallimits"
"- Within normalhistological limits"
"- would represent atrophy if biopsy taken from the body ."
"A -C) Oesophagus, biopsies from 31 cm to 27 cm:."
"A -E) Stomach, polyps, biopsies:."
"A GI biopsy - D2 X4."

"Adjacent mucosa, biopsy - Normal small bowel mucosa."
"B GI biopsy - DISTAL OESOPHAGUS X2, MID OESO X3, PROX OESO X2."
"B) Jejunum and stomach, Roux-en-Y anastomosis, biopsies:."
"Cardia/gastro-oesophageal junction, biopsy:."
"Colon and rectum biopsies:- normal mucosa."
"Colon biopsies:- mild melanosis coli, otherwise unremarkable."
"Colon biopsies:- normal mucosa."
"Colon, biopsies: - Within normal histological limits"
"Colon, biopsy - Tubulovillous adenoma ."
"Descending colon biopsies:- normal mucosa."
"Distal oesohpagus/above anastomosis biopsies:- acute inflammation."
"Distal transverse colon polyp excision:- tubular adenoma, low grade dysplasia."
"Duodenum and colon biopsies:- normal mucosa."
"Duodenum and stomach, polyp biopsies - Consistent with hamartomatous polyps."
"Duodenum biopsies:- giardiasis."
"Duodenum biopsies:- lymphocytic duodenosis ."
"Duodenum biopsies:- non-specific acute and chronic inflammation."
"Duodenum biopsies:- normal mucosa."
"Duodenum biopsies:- normal."
"Duodenum biopsies:- patchy increase in IELs ."
"Duodenum, biopsies - within normal histological limits."
"Duodenum, biopsies: - Erosion and chronic active inflammation"
"Duodenum, biopsies: - Within normal histological limits"
"Duodenum, biopsies: -Within normal histological limits"
"Duodenum, biopsy - Known coeliac disease."
"Duodenum, biopsy - No significant abnormalities."
"Duodenum, biopsy - Normal."
"Duodenum, biopsy - within normal histological limits."
"Duodenum, D1 ulcer, biopsies: - Ulceration and chronic active inflammation"
"Duodenum, ileum and colon/rectum biopsies:- normal mucosa."
"Duodenum, polyp biopsy - Tubulovillous adenoma ."
"Duodenum, right and left colon, biopsy - Normal."
"Gastric antrum biopsies:- normal mucosa."
"Gastric oesophageal junction, biopsies : - Chronic inflammation"
"Gastric oesophageal junction, biopsies: - Chronic active inflammation"
"Gastric polyp biopsies:- mild acute and chronic inflammation with Helicobacter."
"Gastric ulcer biopsies:- intestinal metaplasia and mild chronic inflammation."
"Gastro-oesophageal junction, biopsies:."
"Gastro-oesophageal junction, biopsy - Columnar mucosa with mild chronic inflammation."
"Gastro-oesophageal junction, biopsy - Gastric type columnar mucosa."
"Gastro-oesophageal junction, biopsy:."
"Gastro-oesophageal junction, endoscopic mucosal resection :."
"Gastro-oesophageal junction:."
"Gastro-osophageal junction, biopsy - Squamocolumnar mucosa."
"GOJ biopsies:- acute and chronic inflammation."
"GOJ ulcer biopsy:- erosion and acute and chronic inflammation."
"Ileo-caecal valve, biopsies:."
"Ileum and colon biopsies:- normal mucosa."
"includes gastro-oesophageal reflux disease and eosinophilic."
"inflammation with fibro-muscularisationof the lamina propria."
"-Inflammatory fibroid polyp"
"Lower and mid-oesophagus, biopsies:."
"Lower oesophagus/gastro-oesophageal junction, biopsies:."
"Mid oesophagus biopsies:- normal mucosa."
"Mid-oesophagus biopsies:- ulceration."
"No fungi or Helicobacter-like."
"No Helicobacter-like organisms are seen."
"Nodule GOJ, biopsies:- acute and chronic inflammation with Helicobacter."
"Oesophaguas biopsies:- normal mucosa."
"Oesophagus 36cm 'papilloma ' biopsy:- normal squamous mucosa ."
"OEsophagus 37cm biopsies:- Barrett 's oesophagus with intestinal metaplasia."
"Oesophagus biopsies :- normal mucosa."
"Oesophagus biopsies:- acute inflammation, ulceration and reactive epithelial."
"Oesophagus biopsies:- normal epithelium."
"Oesophagus biopsies:- normal mucosa."
"Oesophagus biopsies:- normal."
"Oesophagus EMR x4 :- high grade glandular dysplasia."
"Oesophagus polyps biopsies:- 2 x papillomas."
"Oesophagus, biopsies - Mild chronic inflammation"
"Oesophagus, biopsies : - Focal chronic inflammation"
"Oesophagus, biopsies : - Minimal chronic inflammation"
"Oesophagus, biopsies : - Within normal histological limits"
"Oesophagus, biopsies: - Focal mild chronic inflammation"
"Oesophagus, biopsies: - Minimal chronic inflammation"
"Oesophagus, biopsies: - Minimal chronic oesophagitis"
"Oesophagus, biopsies: - Ulceration and chronic active inflammation"
"Oesophagus, biopsies: - Within normal histological limits"
"Oesophagus, biopsies:- Mild chronic inflammation."
"Oesophagus, biopsies: -Mild chronic inflammation"
"Oesophagus, biopsy - Acute inflammation in presumed proximal biopsies only."
"Oesophagus, biopsy - Acute inflammation."
"Oesophagus, biopsy - Barrett 's oesophagus with focal intestinal metaplasia."
"Oesophagus, biopsy - Barrett 's oesophagus with intestinal metaplasia."
"Oesophagus, biopsy - Barrett 's oesophagus with moderate chronic inflammation."
"Oesophagus, biopsy - Poorly differentiated tumour ."
"Oesophagus, biopsy - Squamous mucosa."
"Oesophagus, EMR 43P - Barrett 's oesophagus without intestinal metaplasia."
"Rectum polyps x3 biopsies:- hyperplastic polyp x 2 ; levels pending on third biopsy."
"Rectum, polyp biopsy: - Tubular adenoma with mild dysplasia"
"Right and left colon, biopsies: - Within normal histological limits"
"Right and left colon, biopsy - Mild non-specific acute inflammation."
"Sigmoid colon biopsies:- normal mucosa."
"Sigmoid colon polyp biopsy:- hyperplastic polyp."
"Sigmoid colon, biopsy - Adenocarcinoma."
"Sigmoid colon, polyp biopsy - Hyperplastic polyp."
"Sigmoid colon, polypectomy: - Tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia"
"Stomach - see original report."
"Stomach antrum biopsies:- normal mucosa."
"Stomach body biopsies:- fundic gland polyps."
"Stomach, biopsies: - Mild chronic active gastritis."
"Stomach, biopsies: - Mild chronic gastritis."
"Stomach, biopsies: - Minimal chronic gastritis."
"Stomach, biopsy - Chronic, moderately active Helicobacter associated gastritis."
"Stomach, biopsy - Fundic gland polyp."
"Stomach, biopsy - Hyperplastic polyp."
"Stomach, biopsy - Hyperplastic polyps."
"Stomach, biopsy - Mild chronic Helicobacter associated gastritis."
"Stomach, biopsy - Mild chronic inflammation and reactive changes."
"Stomach, biopsy - Mild chronic inflammation."
"Stomach, biopsy - Polypoid foveolar hyperplasia."
"Stomach, biopsy - Reactive gastritis and intestinal metaplasia."
"Stomach, biopsy -Mild acute and chronic inflammation."
"Stomach, polyps, biopsies: - Fundic gland polyps"
"Stricture biopsies:- normal squamous mucosa."
"Terminal ileum and colon, biopsies - within normal histological limits."
"The biopsies of gastric oesophageal junction type squamo-columnar mucosa show mild chronic."
"The biopsies of non-specialised and specialised gastric mucosa show mild chronic."
