"x"
"1 aphthous ulcer only, not CD type, in ileum."
"1 x 3mm sessile polyp in sigmoid colon."
"10mm sessile polyp in rectosigmoid : several diverticulal."
"12 mm pedunculated polyp in the sigmoid colon."
"12mm sessile polyp immediately behind the I/C fold, that is not amenable to polypectomy."
"1diverticulum seen in sigmoid."
"1x 3 mm sessile polyp in the distal sigmoid colon."
"2 2 mm sessile polyps in the sigmoid colon."
"2 further 10mm polyps in the ascending colon lifted with St."
"2 inflammatyory looking polyps around 8mm in ascending colon ."
"2 mm sessile rectal polyp removed with cold snare, not retrieved."
"2 retrieved and sent for histology."
"2 sessile polyps at the rectosigmoid junction."
"2 small polyps in rectum - removed with biopsy forceps."
"2 x 2 mm sessile polyp in the rectum."
"20mm polyp just proximal to the IC valve."
"25-50cm, lack of mucosal vascular differentiation and a single deep ulcer at 40cm."
"2cm penducuated sigmoid polyp removed hot snare after submucosal inj."
"2cm polyp in distal transverse."
"2mm probable hyperplastic polyp upper rectum excised and retrieved."
"2mm sigmoid polyp- cold biopsied."
"3 mm sessile polyp in the caecum."
"3 mm sessile polyp in the sigmoid flexture."
"3 rectal polyps each lifted, largest 6mm, snared and 2 retrieved."
"3 small polyps in the rectosigmoid ."
"3 specimens retrieved and sent for histology."
"3-4 small aphthous ulcers seen inTI."
"3-4 small sigmoid hyperplastic polyps."
"3-4mm polyp in sigmoid removed by cold biopsy."
"3-4mm transverse polyp removed by cold biopsy."
"3mm sessile polyp in the rectum."
"3mm sessile polyp rectosigmoid- snare polypectomy."
"3mm sessile polyp rectum-cold biopsy."
"3mm subpedunculated polyp in the ascending colon, immediately distal to the caecum, removed with cold biopsy."
"4 mm sessile polyp in the caecum."
"4 mm sessile polyp in the mid ascendingcolon."
"4g Mezavant XL OD and Asacol supps twice each week."
"4gr."
"4mm sessile rectal polyp noted."
"5 cm - serial biopsies in addition to targetted biopsies for histology and microbiology."
"5 mm pedunculated polyp in the mid transverse colon."
"5 mm polyp just distal to this cold snared and retrieved CAECUM: Normal."
"50cm to the caecum - normal appearance of colonic mucosa."
"5cm penduculated polyp at 30cm."
"5cm sessile polyp in the hepatic flexure."
"5mm polyp in distal sigmoid removed with cold snare."
"5mm polyp in transverse colon removed with cold snare."
"5mm sigmoid polyp lifted with adrenaline/gelufusin and removed with cold snare."
"5mm sub-pedunculated polyp removed from caecum."
"7mm ascending colon polyp lifted with St MArks and snared, retrieved."
"A 7cm villous lesion with a depressed central area."
"A few scatered telangectasia but otherwise normal."
"A few sigmoid diverticuale, and apthous ulcers in the TI- biopsied."
"A further small colonic polyp cold snared and retrieved."
"Adenomatous appearing polyp in Sigmoid x2 1 5mm removed by cold biopsy."
"Adenona was biopsied."
"Adequate views ."
"Adequate views."
"Again, unable to intubate beyond a fixed angulation at rectosigmoid - despite several position changes."
"All cold snared, only 3 retrieved."
"All retrieved."
"along the same fold there was a further 1."
"Also viewed in retroflexion."
"Alternating loose stool and constipation with bloating."
"Although not bleeding at the moment these were treated with APC."
"ANAL CANAL: Inflammation with easy bleeding at the dentate line but no proctitis."
"ANAL CANAL: moderately congested haemorroids, visible in the canal and in terminal rectum."
"ANAL CANAL: Normal."
"ANAL CANAL: Slightly strictured anal canal but no mucosal abnormality seen."
"ANAL CANAL: Stricture."
"ANAL CANAL:Haemarrhoids."
"ANAL CANAL:haemorroids."
"ANAL CANAL:Internal and external haemarrhoids."
"ANAL CANAL:Normal."
"ANALCANAL: Normal."
"Anastamosis identified, and a small adenoma was identified in this region."
"ANASTAMOSIS: end to side."
"Angulated splenic flexure."
"Apalling bowel prep with hard and soft stool."
"Apart from a small internal haemorrhoid, no other abnormalities were seen."
"APC applied to base with good effct."
"Appendix orifice identified."
"ASCENDING COLON : 15mm sessile polyp opposite to the ICV, lifted with 1:100K gelo/adrenaline/methilkene blue solution, snared and retrieved."
"ASCENDING COLON : 2mm polyp - cold biopsied."
"ASCENDING COLON : 3mm polyp - cold biopsied."
"ASCENDING COLON : and CAECUM: 20 mm sessile polyp at the level of the ileo-caecal valve on anterior wall."
"ASCENDING COLON : and CAECUM: 8 mm polyp cold snared and retrieved."
"ASCENDING COLON : and CAECUM: multiple ulcers involving the caecum and caecum/ascending junction, with cobblestoning and distortion of anatomy."
"ASCENDING COLON : and CAECUM: Normal."
"ASCENDING COLON : and CAECUM: NormalUnable to enter TI due to looping."
"ASCENDING COLON : and CAECUM: small rim of adenomatous tissue at site of previous resection identified by scar and tattoo."
"ASCENDING COLON : and CAECUM: the ICV valve looked erythematous, ."
"ASCENDING COLON : and CAECUM:Normal."
"ASCENDING COLON : Normal."
"ASCENDING COLON : Normal."
"ASCENDING COLON : Scattered diverticuale."
"ASCENDING COLON : traces of fresh blood ahead of scope on insertion."
"ASCENDING COLON : x 4 diminutive polyps."
"ASCENDING COLON :Normal."
"ASCENDING COLON erythema, complete loss of vasuclar pattern and erosions which macroscopically looks kike right sidedulcerative colitis - Mayo 2 / UCEIS 4."
"Ascending colon removed piecemeal."
"Aspirated a lot of liquid stool but rt side was coated with solid stool."
"At caecal pole, 5 mm flat polyp was cold snared but not retrieved."
"At the anastomosis there was a stricture which could not be passed."
"At the level of the IC valve, there was a nodular area along 25% of the fold with about 3 deep ulcers within it."
"At the rectum small friable polypoid lesion prolapsing with the anal verge."
"At the splenic flexure and idstal transverse there was scarring of the mucosa but no active disease."
"Base clean but prophlactically clipped."
"Base was clipped prophylactically ."
"Biopsies from R & L colon."
"Biopsies from right and left colon taken."
"Biopsies from right and left colon."
"Biopsies from sigmoid and rectum taken in view of previously raised calprotectin."
"Biopsies from Ti, right and left colon."
"Biopsies taken for research purposes."
"Biopsies taken from left and right colon."
"Biopsies taken from right and left colon."
"Biopsies taken from the right and left colon."
"Biopsies taken from TI adn R&L colon."
"Biopsies taken from TI, acening, transverse, descending, sigmoid and rectum."
"Biopsies taken from TI, right colon and left colon as requested."
"Biopsies taken."
"Biopsiesn taken from TI, ascending, transverse, descending, sigmoid and rectum."
"Biopsy obtained, results pending."
"Biopsy obtained, results pending."
"Biospies taken from sigmoid."
"Both cold snared and retrived."
"Bowel prep : Moviprep."
"Bowel prep poor - cleared asnmuch as possible but some large pools and small amounts of solid stool could not be cleared."
"Caecal inflamation and nectortic ulcerated leasion, biopsies taken."
"Caecal pole intubated."
"Caecum visualised but no mucosal abnormality seen."
"CAECUM: Normal."
"Carpet like raised small lesions in the caecum with Kudo 1 pitpattern."
"Ceacum- 1mm polyp removed with cold snare."
"Challenging procedure with significant looping in the sigmoid colon."
"Changed to gastroscope."
"Circumferential grade4 haemorrhoids."
"Clean base, no bleeding."
"Clip applied with good effect due to ooze."
"Cold biopsied and retrieved."
"Colon biopsy series taken."
"Colon normal."
"Colonic biopsies taken in view of the chronic diarrhoea."
"Colonic biopsies taken."
"Colonic Crohn's disease."
"Colonic mucosa normal."
"Colonic mucosa was normal."
"Colonicmucosa normal."
"Colonoc biopsies taken."
"Colonoscope advance to the TI."
"Colonoscope advanced into the TI."
"Colonoscope advanced to the caecum."
"Complete mucosal healing to the ileum ."
"Current treatment: Adalimumab /Azathioprine."
"Currently asymptomatic."
"Descending - Severe diverticular disease."
"DESCENDING COLON: 2mm polyp - cold biopsied."
"DESCENDING COLON: 3 mm polyo at descending removd with cold biopsy forceps."
"DESCENDING COLON: 3mm polyp - cold biopsied."
"DESCENDING COLON: 5mm pedunculated polyp cold snared."
"DESCENDING COLON: Marked diverticulsosis for a length of 20cm : and CAECUM: Normal."
"DESCENDING COLON: x4 diminutive polyps, all cold snared and only 3 retrieved."
"Descending- Normal."
"Despite significant analgesia and sedation, multiple position changes, use of abdominal pressure, the procedure was intolerably uncomfortable and I was unable to progress beyond the sigmoid."
"Difficult and tortuous colon."
"Difficult looping left colon requiring pressure and benfitted greatly from scopeguide."
"Difficult procedure due to looping and patient asked us to stop in mid-descending colon."
"Difficult procedure due to previoius hysterectomy and poor bowel prep."
"Difficult procedure due to redundency and looping."
"Diffiult procedure due to bowel prep and patient discomfort."
"Dilated up to 12mm with no complications."
"Disease activity: Mild active disease throughout the colon with focal areas of moderate inflammation ."
"Disease activity: Quiescent ."
"Disease endoscopically in remission."
"Disease: Ileocolonic rohn's disease."
"Distal colonic mild diverticulosis."
"Distal ileum : 30cm up, normal."
"distal proctitis with active bleeding, otherwise normal mucosa to splenic flexure."
"Distal transverse colon 8mm sessile polyp - removed with cold snare and retrieved."
"Diverticular disease in sigmoid and descending colon."
"Diverticular disease in the sigmoid colon."
"Diverticular disease."
"Diverticulosis from the sigmoid colon to the mid descending colon."
"Diverticulosis in the proximal descending colon."
"Diverticulosis in the sigmoid colon."
"Diverticulosis in the sigmoid to the mid transverse colon - inverted diverticulum in sigmoid."
"Diverticulosis in the splenic flexure."
"Diverticulosis."
"Dye spra applied which revealed 2 small polyp ."
"Dye spray applied: Yes ."
"Dye spray performed."
"Dye spray revelaed several lesions throughout colon which were biopsied on IC valve, hepatic flexure, transverse colon, splenic flexure, sigmoid colon and rectum."
"Dye spray used."
"End to end anastamosis - 2 large ulcers at the anastamosis but pssed easily into the ileum- Rutgeerts i2."
"Endocuff used:No ."
"Endocuff used."
"Endosclip applied to base to secure haemostasis."
"ENDOSCOPIC DIAGNOSIS DELETEME_QDAP"
"Endoscopic findings."
"Enlarged haemorrhoids."
"Erythematous rectum- biopsied."
"Even with small amount of sedation patient had a few seconds of vasovagal so sedation not increased."
"Eventhough we went upto ceacum there is no way to exclude polyps ."
"Extensive but uncomplicated left sided diverticular disease."
"Extensive left sided diverticular disease making the sigmoid tortous but otherwise uncomplicated."
"Extensive pseudopolyps in the left colon as pictured ."
"Extensive suction and irrigation required."
"External skin tag and small internal haemorrhoid at anus."
"Extremely challenging procedure due to looping and a tightly angulated sigmoid."
"Featureless colon No."
"Featureless colonNo."
"Featureless left colon."
"Features of melanosis coli in the right colon."
"Fixed sigmoid segment best navigated with patient on her right."
"Fixed sigmoid with a very tight recto-sigmoid bendpossibly due to previous surgery."
"Floppy and looping left colon which I suspect is contributing to his symptoms."
"Focal area at 30cm ."
"Gastroscope used to negotiate this but could not get past sigmoid descending bend."
"GE junction at 1 cm from incisor."
"Good haemostasis achieved, adrenaline injection with one polypectomy site."
"Good views upto hepatic flecture but unabe to reach beyond that into ascending colon."
"Haemorrhoids and skin tags of anal verge."
"Haemorrhoids."
"haemorrhoids."
"Haemorrhoids."
"Haemostatic clip place in ascending colon."
"HCV related cirrhosis."
"He has 2 large polyps facing each other in the distal ascending colon."
"He reports taking a week of ibuprofen for a tooth infection stopping them last tuesday."
"He will need a repeat flexible sgmoidoscopy with full bowel prep in 3 months to review."
"Hemostasis achieved with Polypectomy- Cold biopsy."
"Hemostasis achieved with Polypectomy- Cold Snare."
"Hepatic flexure Polyp- Pedunculated :Normal."
"History of external haemorrhoids which has been intermittently bleeding for over a year - bright red blood, worse when straining."
"However, reasonably good views were available through the anastomosis and no infalmmation was seen ."
"I will book her for a CT colonography with prep beforehand."
"I-C Anastamosis: Normal."
"IC resection also widely patent."
"Ileocaecal and partial rectal resection 2005."
"Ileocolonic series biopsies taken."
"Ileum - a single apthous ulcer but was otherwise normal for 10cm."
"Impression of small internal haemorrhoids on retroflexion."
"in sigmoid and descending colo equivalent to Mayo 2."
"In the caecum 2 small sessile polyps adjacent to the ICV."
"In the caecum there was some loss of vascular marking and numerous small superficial ulcers ."
"In the distal sigmoid, at 18cm from the anus, there is a malignant appearing stricture, which was impassable with a Fuji colonoscope."
"In the rectum there was 1cm linear ulcer."
"In the rectum there was avery mild, patchy proctitis with mild eythema and loss of vascular pattern as a couple of erosions."
"In the sigmoid colon - one in the TC, two in the sigmoid."
"Inflammation- Proctitis."
"Inflammation- Segemental ."
"Inflammed Terminal ileum - mild - biopsied."
"Inflammtion- Neo-terminal Ileum."
"Inflammtion- Terminal Ileum."
"Injected then removed."
"Injected with St Mark's solution and resected peicemeal."
"Insertion via stoma, no rectum."
"Instrument inserted into the TI."
"Instrument inserted to the TI."
"Internal hemorrhoids - small."
"It did not extend from the anal verge, instead was more noticable in the upper rectum."
"Known Crohn's with multiple previous laparotomies for resections."
"Lack of mucosal vascular differentiation, mucosal erythema, contact bleeingand widespread ulceration to 25cm - consistent with Mayo 3 colitis, biopsies taken."
"Large pedunculated polyp in descending colon."
"Last scope at time of diagnosis."
"Last scope in 2012 showed i1/i2 recurrence."
"Lax looping colon in sigmoid and transverse."
"Left colon was looping and twisting."
"Left hemicolectomy anastomosis narrowed but scope passed through easilyso no need for dilatation."
"LIfted well with St Marks solution."
"Likely representing melanosis coli."
"Likely solitary rectal ulcer."
"Likely sporadic adenoma."
"Liquid stool did obscure some of the mucosa so small ulcers may have been missed."
"Lokks like end to end anastomosis but patient denies any previous operation."
"Long tortuous sigmoid colon with adhesions."
"marked diverticulosis mid and proximal sigmoid colon."
"Melanosis coli in rectum secondary to laxative use for constipation."
"Mild and Patchy Inflammation- Proctitis."
"Mild distortion of the caecal valve."
"Mild diverticular diseae in the right colon."
"Mild diverticular disease."
"Mild erythema in rectum only."
"Mild Inflammation- Left Sided."
"Mild pancolonic diverticular disease."
"Mild scarring and featurless colon."
"Moderate diverticular disease of the ascending and sigmoid colon."
"Moderate left sided diverticular disease as previously noted."
"Moderate sigmiod diverticulosis, rest of the colon normal."
"More proximal to this there appeared to be a further 1cm striture but with no significnat narrowing of the lumen just before the caecum."
"Mucosa to the ascending colon was normal."
"Mucosa to the caecum - normal."
"Mucosa to the terminal ileum - normal, no lesions or inflammation hence no biopsies taken."
"Mucosa to the terminal ileum - normal."
"Mucosal inflammation noted in the rectum and a patch in the caecum."
"Mucosal inflammation with 0: No bleeding."
"Multiple biopsies taken and tattoo placed just distal to the lesion."
"Multiple hyperplastic appearing polyps at rectosigmoid largest 6mm - one representative polyp taken."
"Multiple polyps throughout colon all cold-snared."
"Mutliple sessile polyps through out colon ."
"No abnormality on retroflexion ."
"No abnormality on retroflexion."
"No abnormality on retroxflexion."
"No biopsies needed."
"No bleeding and no signs of perforation."
"No caecum although or appendiceal orifice seen."
"No cause for iron def found."
"No cause for the episode of PR bleeding seen."
"No cause foranaemia on this examination - no polyps, no vascular lesions seen."
"No CD treatment or surgery for over 20 years."
"No evidence of active Crohn's."
"No evidence of inflammation throughout ."
"No evidence of ongoing infection today but a small amount of wart-like tissue remains in the anal canal."
"No evidence of perianal disease."
"No further similar episodes."
"No gross abnormalities seen."
"No gross abnormality seen but small polyps might have been missed."
"No haemorrhoids noted."
"No haemorrhoids upon retroflexion inthe rectum."
"No immediate complication."
"No immediate complications."
"No impression of a mass in the caecum."
"No large or obstructing lesions seen."
"No lesions were found using dye-spray chromoendoscopy."
"No mucosal abnormality in colon."
"No mucosal views obtained."
"No obvious haemorrhoids on retroflexion."
"No obvious lesions were seen."
"No other abnormal areas identified."
"No other abnormality in the remaining tracts."
"No other abnormality up to the terminal ileum."
"No other active disease seen butvery limited mucosal views."
"No other disease to TI."
"No other lesions in the remaining tracts by poor preparation prevented proper examination."
"No other polyps seen but limited views in withdraw."
"No other worrying features."
"No polyp/neoplasia."
"No polyps seen."
"No polyps/abnormalities seen upto hepatic flexture."
"No residual polyp or recurrence."
"No signs of disease activity."
"No signs of disease recurrence."
"No signs of inflammation."
"No source of blood loss identified."
"No strict indication for excision as low risk of progrssion over time."
"No suction due to defective scope."
"No ulcers or inflammation in the neoterminal ileum."
"Non polypoid : Nil."
"Non polypoid : Nil."
"Normal appearance to anastamosis."
"Normal colon to ceacum."
"Normal colon to the Caecum other than some very mild inflammation in the rectum."
"Normal colon to the Caecum."
"Normal colon to the Hepatic flexure."
"Normal colon to the Mid descending colon."
"Normal colon to the Sigmoid colon."
"Normal colon to the teminal ileum."
"Normal colon to the Terminalileum."
"Normal colon tothe terminal ileum."
"Normal colon up to the caecum."
"Normal colon."
"Normal colonic mucosa but again, poor bowel preparation throughout, with lots of liquid stool present."
"Normal colonic mucosa throughout the colon."
"Normal colonic mucosa throughout."
"Normal colonic mucosa to the caecum."
"Normal colonic mucosa to the Terminal ileum."
"Normal colonic mucosa up to point of insertion."
"Normal in general colonic mucosa."
"Normal looking mucosa-bx taken."
"Normal mucosa thought the colon and terminal ileum."
"Normal mucosa throughout the colon."
"Normal mucosa throughout, including in terminal ileum."
"Normal Mucosa Throughout."
"Normal mucosa to caecum apart from mild colitis in mid/distal sigmoid."
"Normal mucosa to the Caecum."
"Normal mucosal appearances throughout."
"Normal mucosal appearances to caecum."
"Normal rectum on retroflexion."
"Normal retroflexion."
"Normal Smalll internal haemorrhoids only."
"Normal terminal ileum mucosa."
"Normal to Caecum."
"Normal to the terminal except for a small polyp at the hepatic flexure as well as a single diverticulum in that region."
"Normal to the terminal ileum."
"Normal to TI."
"Normal widely patent colorectal anastamosis."
"Normal, albeit prominent ileocaecal valve."
"Not able to intubate th TI."
"Not excised as on clopidogrel."
"Not good views of the mucosa obtained due to bowel prep."
"Not posisble tointubate TI due to patient discomfort."
"Not removed due to INR."
"Oedema,granularity of the mucosa at the rectum."
"OGD: mild duodenitis, normal D2 biopsies."
"On a low FODMAP diet but still getting bloating and abdominal discomfort on a daily basis."
"On adalimumab 40mg EoW and tioguanine."
"On inspection there are a couple of external haemorrhoids, which are easily reducible and collapsed currently."
"On retroflexion there were a couple of prominent rectal blood vessels but these would not constitute varices and there is no history of rectal bleeding."
"Once again at the anal canal there was a 1cm of erythema but no active perianal disease."
"One 5mm ascending polpy- cold biopsied- one 5mm rectal polyp- cold biopsied."
"Only mild erythema into the TI."
"Other than this the colon is normal."
"Other than this, the colon and terminal ileum were normal."
"Otherwise normal colonic to the ascending colon."
"Otherwise normal mucosa to the caecum."
"Otherwise normal mucosa."
"Otherwise normal to caecum."
"Otherwise normal to terminal ileum."
"Otherwise normal to the caecum."
"Otherwise normal to the terminal ileum."
"Otherwise normal."
"Otherwise, normal to the caecum."
"Pancolitis with vadcualr pattern loss throughout colon but most marked in right colon - Mayo 1 / UCEIS 1."
"Pancolonic diverticular disease more extensive in sigmoid colon."
"Pancolonic divertocualr disease - mild."
"Patchy Inflammation- Pan Colitis."
"Patient asked us to stop the procedure so procedure requested under GA."
"Patient found the procedure painful right from insertion of endoscope into rectum."
"Patient had prevously failed colonoscopy due to tight diverticular segment in sigmoid colon."
"Patient has large haemorrhoids on retrofexion likely cause pf bleeding."
"Patient has taken full bowel prep and therefore was consented also for colonocopy."
"Patient was in pain as soon as scope was inserted into rectum."
"Patient would not stay in position for procedure to continue."
"Pedunculated polyp."
"Peutz Jeghers syndrome - 2 polyps in ascending, 1 in transverse and 1 in sigmoid colon, max size 4 mm - all removed using hot snare."
"Polyp- <1cm from the sigmoid flexture to the rectum."
"Polyp- <1cm in the mid ascending colon."
"Polyp- <1cm in the rectum."
"Polyp- <1cm in the sigmoid colon."
"Polyp in the splenic flexure."
"Polyp removed using biopsy forceps."
"Polyp retrieved, histology pending, looks hyperplastic."
"Polyp retrieved, histology pending."
"Polyp segments removed with Roth net."
"Polypectomy- cold biopsy."
"Polypectomy performed with Polpyectomy- Snare Resection."
"Polypectomy performed with Polypectomy- cold biopsy."
"Polypectomy performed with Polypectomy- cold biopsy."
"Polypectomy performed with Polypectomy- COLD Snare Resection."
"Polypectomy performed with Polypectomy- Snare Resection."
"Polypoid lesions: Nil."
"Poor bowel prep mainly in the left colon with formed stools coating colonic mucosa."
"Poor bowel prep mainly in the left colon."
"Poor bowel prep preventing good views of the mucosa."
"Poor bowel prep throughout the colon obstructing views of the colonic mucosa."
"Poor bowel preparation but no large polyps or lesions seen upto ceacum."
"Post colitis scarring."
"Post dilatation the scope passed into TI with pressure."
"PR - external haemorrhoid, otherwise normal."
"Previous anterior resection."
"Previous CMV colitis treated in mid 2016."
"Previous hysterectomy with tortuous sigmoid colon likely due to adhesions."
"Previous IC resection adn anterior resection fior sigmoid stricture."
"Previous partial response then LOR to golimumab."
"Procedure limited to the sigmoid due to poor prep."
"Procedure recorded as per trial protocol."
"progression since last year with roughly 10 ulcers some of them large with luminal narrowing such that I could not enter the terminal ileum - Rutgeerts i4."
"Prominent IC valve but no mucosal abnormality seen."
"Quiescent disease with no features of endoscopic activvity."
"Quiescent features in the left colon with only reduced vasculature and mild granularity of the mucosa."
"R &L colonic biopsies taken."
"R and L biopsies taken to exclude microscopic colitis given the history of loose bowel motions."
"R and L biopsies taken to exclude microscopic colitis."
"R+L colonic biopsies taken."
"Raised and cold snared."
"Random biopsies taken in sigmoid and descending colon due to inflammation and bowel prep."
"Random biopsies taken."
"Random Biopsies taken: Yes / No."
"Random right and left biopsies taken to exlcude microscopic colitis."
"Random right and left colonic biopsies taken to exclude microscopic colitis in view of recent loose stool ."
"Random right and left colonic biopsies taken to exclude microscopic colitis."
"Randomright and left colonic biopsies taken to exclude microscopic colitis."
"Rebook 2 unit sigmoidoscopy - but with full bowel prep ."
"REBOOK."
"Recording made for trial purposes."
"Rectum- 1cm ."
"RECTUM and SIGMOID mild inflammation."
"Rectum- Normal."
"RECTUM: 3 mm, hyperplastic-looking polyp, removed by forceps and sent for histology ."
"RECTUM: Mild erythema in the lower rectum."
"RECTUM: Normal, though I was unable to retroflex."
"RECTUM: Normal."
"RECTUM: Normal."
"RECTUM: Severe colitis UCEIS = 2+1+3 = 6."
"RECTUM: Tiny rectal plyp removed with biopsy forceps."
"RECTUM:Normal."
"Removed hot snare with submucosal inj."
"Removed piecemeal with braided snare - complete excision."
"Removed using cold biopsy."
"Removed with biopsy forceps."
"Removed with cold snare and cold biopsy respectively."
"Removed with hot snare in 2 pieces ."
"Representative biopsies taken."
"research biopsies also taken."
"Research biopsies taken with consent."
"Rest of colon - normal."
"Rest of colonic mucosa normal."
"Rest of the colon to the terminal ileum - normal."
"Rest of the mucosa to the caecal pole was unremarkable."
"Retrieved with Roth net."
"Retroflexion in the rectum - normal."
"Right and left biopsies taken in view of diarrhoea."
"Right and left colonic biopsies taken."
"Right and left colonic biopsies tken."
"Rutgeerts i0."
"Scant pseudopolyps in the right colon ."
"Scarring No."
"scatter sigmoid diverticulosis."
"Scattered small polyps throughout all cold-snared apart from 10mm polyp at 30cm that was lifted and hot snared."
"Scattered uncomplicated left sided diverticular disease."
"SCCAI = 0."
"Scope for trial screening - ozanimod."
"Scope inserted via colostomy."
"Scopeguide was useful."
"Semiformed stools coating the colonic mucosa in the rightcolon."
"Sessile 1."
"Several diverticula in the sigmoid and right colon."
"Several small benign polyps in transverse and right colon but none responsible for bleeding."
"Severe Diverticular Disease."
"Severe sigmoid diverticulosis as noted previously."
"She was not clinically appropriate to give more sedation."
"Sid to side anastomosis."
"Sigificant amounts of liquid stool remaining which could be suctioned."
"SIGMOID : 15 mm sessile polyp lifted with 1:100Kadrenaline/gelofusine/methilene blue solutionhot snared and retrieved."
"SIGMOID : 4 mm polyp cold snared and retrieved."
"SIGMOID : 5 mm polyp cold snared and retrieved."
"SIGMOID : Mild diverticulosis."
"SIGMOID : Moderate diverticulsosis."
"SIGMOID : Normal."
"SIGMOID : several diverticula."
"SIGMOID : tight angulation which was not passable with colonoscope."
"SIGMOID :, DESCENDING COLON:, TRANSVERSE COLON:, ASCENDING COLON : and CAECUM: Polyp- <1cm ."
"SIGMOID :Bowel prep sub optimal for small lesions, but grossly normal."
"SIGMOID :Mild diveticular disease."
"SIGMOID and DESCENDING COLON: Diverticular Disease- Few."
"SIGMOID and DESCENDING COLON: few scattered aphtous erosions with normal surrounding mucosa."
"SIGMOID -DESCENDING COLON: inflammation tails off after 35cm."
"Sigmoid diverticular disease with mild oedema of the mucosa but no ulcers or inflammation."
"Sigmoid diverticulosis."
"Sigmoid moderate diverticulosis with mild to moderate erythema surrounding the diverticula."
"Sigmoid stricture still present but only 1cm in length and scope passed through easily."
"SIGMOID to proximal transverse: multiple patches of erythematous, nodular and ulcerated mucosa interposed with areas of normal mucosa ."
"SIGMOID: Diverticular Disease- Multiple."
"SIGMOID: few small diverticula, withno surrounding inflammation."
"Significant iron deficiency anaemia, which has responded well to and iron infusion."
"Significant looping in the left colon."
"Significant looping in the sigmoid colon and pressure was ineffective due to large fibroids."
"Significant looping in the sigmoid colon."
"Significant sigmoid diverticular disease and ndiverticular throughout the colon."
"Similar pattern with vedolizumab."
"Single pseudopolyp with a necrotic looking head - removed with hot snare, some ooze from base, two resolution clips applied ."
"Single sessile 15mm polyp in mid-ascending that was lifted and resected with hot snare in one piece ."
"slight erythema with contact bleeding at caecal pole -biopsies taken."
"Slough in the appendix."
"Small 1mm sessile polyp in the transverse colon removed with cold biopsy."
"Small ascending colon sessile polyp removed with cold biopsy forceps."
"Small ascending polyp removed using biopsy forceps."
"Small bowel normal to 10cms."
"Small descending and sigmoid colon polyps again with Kudo 1 PIT removed with biopsy forceps."
"Small descending polyp removed cold snare."
"Small diminutive <5mm polyp in mid ascending colon."
"Small hyperplastic polyps in the rectum."
"Small internal haemorrhoids in the rectum."
"Small internal haemorrhoids noted on retroflexion in the rectum."
"Small internal haemorrhoids on retroflexion."
"Small lesions cannot be excluded."
"Small lesions could easily have been mised."
"Small penduculated colonic polyp in mid ascending."
"Small polyps all <5mm, 1 in sigmoid, 3 in rectum all removed with cold snare."
"small sessile polyp sigmoid colon."
"Small sigmoid polyp removed with biopsy forceps."
"Smll haemorrhoids."
"solid and liquid stool throughout limitingcolonoscopy."
"SOLID STOOL IN RECTUM AND SIGMOID."
"Some diverticula with inverted diverticulum at 29cm."
"Some scarring throughout the bowel."
"Stalked 10mm mid-sigmoid polyp removed using hot snare."
"Steroids prior procedure: No."
"Still copious amounts of liquid stool - unable to identify any of the previous diverticulae and give the poor quality bowel prep it is not inconceivable that larger neoplastic lesions could have been missed."
"Strictured anal canal but DR performed without severe pain."
"Sustained, steroid free remission on 2."
"Targeted biopsies: No."
"Targetted biopsies taken and tattoo placed."
"Tattoo distal to lesion."
"Tattoo from previous polypcetomy recognised."
"Tattoo lplaced proximally."
"Tattoo placed adjacent tp the polyp."
"Tattoo placed distally."
"Tattoo placed proximal to the polyp."
"Tattoo recognised in hepatic flexure but no residual polyp."
"Terminal Ileum - deep intubation to 15cm - normal."
"TERMINAL ILEUM: 10cm examined which was normal."
"TERMINAL ILEUM: limited views due to looping but normal."
"TERMINAL ILEUM: Normal ."
"TERMINAL ILEUM:2 apthae wih no ileitis."
"TERMINALILEUM: Normal."
"The adenoma is seen after the scope appears to enter the neo-TI but the mucosa here looks colonic, so the exact anatomy of the join was not clear."
"The anastomosis is patent with no obvious ulceration ."
"The anastomosis was mildly erythematous but not ulcerated and it distended well."
"The area was tattooed."
"The base was clead but was clippedx2 prophylactically."
"The centre did not lift with saline injection."
"The colon and terminal ileum were normal, except for a couple of sigmoid diverticula."
"The colon is normal and extend to approximatley the mid-transverse, where the ileocolic anastomsis is."
"The colon was normal."
"The descending colon/splenic flexure was the worse effected area with shallow ulceration and erosions - Mayo III/UCEIS V2 B2 E3 = 7."
"The first is 2-3cm and pedunculate."
"The IC valve was wide open - the TI was normal ."
"The ICV appeared normal but I was unable to advance beyond 1cm as it seemed to be narroed though the mucosa was normal."
"The ileal-caecal valve appeared inflamed too, however the ileum itself appeared normal."
"The ilevocaecal valve is also distorted and rigid and I was unable to intubate TI."
"The majority of the background mucosa to the caecum was Mayo 1 with loss of vascular pattern and erythema."
"The mucosa at this level was slighlty erythematous and just proximal to the angulation there was an orifice ."
"The mucosa distal to this was normal."
"The mucosa to the sigmoid looked normal."
"The mucosa was entirely normal throughout the colon and terminal ileum."
"The mucosa was friable, exophytic and ulcerated."
"The neoterminal ileum is normal apart from clofazimine-induced pigmentation."
"The other 7mm removed by cold snare."
"The rectal anastomosis looked healthy and also distended well."
"The rest of the mucosawas normal."
"The scope passed easily."
"The second is sessile along a fold with a depressed centre."
"The sessile lesion was biopsied to confirm an established malignancy."
"The terminal ileum is normal."
"The terminal ileum was normal."
"There also looked to be mild scarring suggestive of previous, more significant proctitis."
"There are multiple pseudopolyps throught the recto sigmoid region."
"There aremultiple inflammatory polyps around this but no active disease."
"There is an area on the ICV, on the proximal toward the tattoo that may be residual polyp tissue but not clear even with filter."
"There is mild erythema in the caecum and in the left colon there is a short segment will apthous lesions and erythema."
"There remains narrowing in the ascending colon - 3-4cm in length."
"There was also a larger, flat lesion which was lifted and removed using a hot, barbed snare."
"There was further improvement from the scope 1 year ago."
"There was mild sparing of the caecum and rectum."
"There was pan-colonic erythema with total loss of vascular pattern."
"There was scattered shallow ulceration and mucosal ulceration around the IC valve and in the caecum - as pictured, bx taken."
"There were 2 subepithelial lipomas in the caecum and ascending colon ."
"There were six small polyps in the caecum and ascending colon - all less than 4mm."
"Therefore switched to a gastroscope."
"These had the impression of serrated lesions."
"These have ulcerated tips and vary in size - the largest was approximatley 10mm and was biopsied."
"These may have been post-inflammatory polyps but were removed to decide between this and a TVA."
"This is non-inflamed but due to a stricture at the anastomosis that was marginally too tight to allow passage of a Fuji gastroscope I was unable to fully assess the neo-TI."
"This remains the case, and we were unable to pass sigmoid colon due to significant discomfort."
"This was APCed 30W with good effect."
"Three deep ulcers in the TI to 10cm, bx taken."
"TI - normal."
"TI : Normal - bx taken."
"TI : Normal."
"TI and colonic biopsies taken."
"TI appeared normal though limited views due to looping."
"TI normal."
"TI -normal."
"TI not intubated."
"TI, rt and left colon biopsied."
"TI: a couple of tiny erosions and midly erythematous mucosa."
"TI: at least 10 cm explored, good views, normal mucosa."
"TI: isolated small erosion."
"TI: Normal."
"TI: several small ulcers with normal interposed mucosa."
"Tiny 5mm sessile polyp in the distal ascending removed piecemeal with cold snare removed endoscopically,."
"Tiny Polyp in rectum."
"Tiny residual of adenomatous tissue on edge was removed with cold snare and retrieved."
"Tortuous diverticular segment through sigmoid."
"Tortuous sigmoid colon."
"Transplant deposited in the caecum."
"Transverse - Normal."
"TRANSVERSE COLON: 1cm : and CAECUM: Normal."
"TRANSVERSE COLON: 2 x2mm polyps cold biopsied."
"TRANSVERSE COLON: 3 4mm polyps - 2 sessile and 1 polypoid resected with cold snare though only 1 retreived."
"TRANSVERSE COLON: 4mm sessile polyp - cold snared."
"TRANSVERSE COLON: Normal."
"TRANSVERSE COLON: Polyp- <1cm : Polyp- <1cm."
"TRANSVERSE COLON: two sessile polyps the largest about 7 mm."
"Transverse colonic polyp ."
"Transverse- Few scattered diverticulae."
"Two 3 mm sessile polyps in the mid descending colon."
"Two biopsies were taken from the right and left colon respectively."
"Two biopsies were taken from TI, right colon and sigmoid; four biopsies from rectum."
"Two sessile polyps in acending colon and caecum."
"UC/PSC Surveillance."
"UCEIS score :3."
"UCEIS score: 5."
"UCEIS/Mayo = 0."
"UCEIS: V1, B2, E1 = 4."
"Ulcer at the anastamosis, nostricture."
"Ulcerative pancolitis."
"Unable to enter TI due to looping."
"Unable to intubate caecal pole due to significant looping."
"Unable tp pass with colonoscope by Dr Sanderson."
"Unfortunately bowel preparation was very poor."
"Unfortunately despite increasing sedation and entonox patient was crying in pain so procedure stopped."
"Unstable position but lifted and hot snared."
"Unusual apparances and anatomy of the right colon."
"Vascular mucosal inflammation noted in the sigmoid flexture."
"Very angulated and luminal narrowing - unable to pass."
"Very difficult position behind a fold."
"very distal rectal inflammation- biopsies taken."
"Very limited views."
"Very poor bowel prep."
"Very poor bowel preparation with solid stool."
"Very poor prep - unable to proceed."
"very poor response to bowel prep therefore small lesions cannot be excluded."
"Very poor vbowel prep with solid stool thrpoughout transverse and right colon."
"Views upto distal sigmoid poor but no large lesions seen."
"Wading in liquid stool."
"Widely patient and healthy looking coloanal anastamosis from previous low anterior resection 2008."
"Withdrawal 10 minutes."
"Within sigmoid focal area with milld erythema in an area with mild diverticular disease."
"x1 2cm sessile polyp at 40cm with impression of central depression."
"x2 angiodysplasia seen with small overlying clots."
"x2 small ulcers <5mm in the terminal ileum."
