"x"
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 3 x 3 x 1 mm and the smallest 2 x 1."
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 4 x 2 x 1 mm and the smallest 2 x 2."
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 4 x 3 x 1 mm and the smallest 3 x 1."
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 4 x 4 x 2 mm and the smallest 2 x 2 x 1 mm, received."
"4 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 2 x 2 mm and the smallest 3 x 1."
"4 pieces oftissue, the largest measuring 3 x 2 x 2 mm and the smallest 3 x 1."
"5 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 4x 2 mm and the smallest 2 x 2 x 2 mm, received."
"6 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 4 x 4 x 2 mm and the smallest 2 x 2."
"6 pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 4 x 3 mm and the smallest 2 x 2."
"A biopsy of non-specialised gastric mucosa with mild chronic inflammation"
"A biopsy of squamo-columnar mucosa with."
"A DPAS stain for fungi will be performed and a supplementary report issued"
"A DPAS stain will be performed to exclude fungi and a supplementary report."
"a few vertical smooth muscle fibres extending into the lamina propria."
"A fragment of non-specialised gastric type mucosa is also present."
"A GI biopsy - 39CM X1."
"A GI biopsy - GASTRIC ANTRUM X3, GASTRIC BODY X2."
"a normal villous to crypt ratio."
"A single piece of tissue, measuring 4 x 3 x 3 mm, received on a cellulose."
"A small amount of lamina propria is present."
"A very small biopsy of squamous mucosa with loss of superficial layers."
"a) Nature of specimen as stated on request form = '39 cm x 1' "
"active chronic inflammation of the lamina propria."
"acute and chronic inflammation and intestinal metaplasia"
"acute and chronic inflammation"
"acute and moderate chronic inflammation."
"acute inflammation, atrophy, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy."
"acute, moderate chronic inflammation without Helicobacter"
"adenocarcinoma of mixed intestinal and diffusetype."
"adenocarcinoma with intestinal type morphology, as well as a piece of columnar mucosa showing."
"All areas show squamous mucosa with increased intra-epithelial lymphocytes and basal."
"All biopsy sites show similar features."
"All four blocks will be sent to Guy 's Hospital Head and Neck Pathology Department for DNA."
"All of these large bowel polyps show hyperplasticdilated crypts with branching smooth."
"along with mild acute and chronic inflammation."
"Along with patchy acute and chronic inflammation, the ileum shows increased."
"Also included are pieces of large bowel mucosa with mild architectural distortion and moderate."
"Also included is a biopsy of specialised gastric mucosa."
"Also inlcuded are pieces of non-specialised gastric mucosa with foveolar."
"Also inlcuded are pieces of specialised gastric mucosa with no significant."
"Although the other features of reflux present and the absence of eosinophilic clustering are."
"Although the pattern of inflammation would."
"amounts of true sub-mucosa"
"anatomical oesophagus"
"and a mild increase in lamina propria acute and chronic inflammatory cells"
"and a mild increase in lamina propria chronic inflammatory cells"
"and basal layer hyperplasia which may be due to reflux disease."
"and chronic inflammation"
"and extensive intestinal metaplasia"
"and focal intestinal metaplasia"
"and foci of intestinal metaplasia."
"and mild active chronic inflammation."
"and mild chronic inflammation."
"and no significant inflammation."
"and no significant inflammation"
"and patchy intestinal metaplasia."
"and the lamina propria chronic."
"and they favour Crohn 's disease at present"
"architecture is normal."
"architecture respectively and no significant inflammation"
"architecture respectively."
"architecture within normal limits."
"are identified."
"are negative for DOG1, CD117, S100, SMA and desmin"
"are neutrophilic crypt abscesses"
"are no features of eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"are not clustered and are counted at up to approximately 15 per high-power field"
"are not diagnostic, given the patient 's history the appearances would be consistent with a."
"are not identified."
"are occasional variable orientated smooth muscle fibre bundles within the lamina propria"
"assess the villous architecture."
"associated chronic inflammation"
"associated with a few vertical smooth muscle fibres in the lamina propria, but poorly."
"associated with neutrophilic cryptitis and a mixed acute and chronic inflammatory cell."
"atrophy is seen."
"atrophy is seen"
"atrophy or duodenitis."
"atrophy or intraepithelial lymphocytosis."
"atrophy or significant increase in inflammatory cells."
"atrophy or significant increase in intraepithelial lymphocytes."
"atrophy or significant inflammation."
"atrophy, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy"
"atrophy, metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy"
"Background adenoma: Yes."
"background mucosa includes columnar and squamous elements"
"basal cell hyperplasia."
"be consistent with a chronic Helicobacter gastritis no Helicobacter-like organisms are."
"be consistent with a hamartomatous polyp"
"be excluded."
"be in keeping with ' Barrett's oesophagus with gastric metaplasia '"
"Biopsies of non-specialised gastric mucosa with widespread intestinal metaplasia and mild."
"Biopsies of non-specialised gastric mucosa with widespread intestinal metaplasia."
"Biopsies of specialised gastric mucosa with mild chronic inflammation."
"Biopsies of specialised gastric mucosa with very mild chronic inflammation and occasional."
"Biopsies of squamous and glandular mucosa both infiltrated by moderately to poorly."
"Biopsies of squamous mucosa with basal layer hyperplasia and all areas showing increased."
"Biopsies of squamous mucosa with ulceration, acute inflammation and basal layer."
"biopsies show normal oesophageal squamous mucosa with no evidence of."
"biopsy, the small bowel histology appears slightly worsened."
"blunting and mild patchy acute and chronic inflammation."
"Both biopsies show specialised gastric mucosa with dilated glands indicating fundic gland."
"Both pieces of tissue consist of oesophageal squamocolumnar mucosa and submucosa."
"Brunner 's glands present but no villous atrophy or significant inflammation is seen"
"but no active inflammation."
"By immunohistochemistry the spindled cells show patchy positivity for CD34 and h-caldesmon and."
"can also be seen in reactive/chemical gastritis"
"Candida hyphae and spores are present on the surface"
"Candida like fungi are present"
"carcinoma this cannot be confirmed on this sample"
"cell hyperplasia of the epithelium, with elongation of the lamina propria papillae and."
"cell hyperplasia."
"cells are present in the poorly differentiated areas"
"cells in the lamina propria."
"chromogranin, CD56, LCA, CD3, CD20, CD30, MUM1,CD25, CD117, DOG, S100 and HMB45"
"chronic active inflammation."
"chronic and mildly active inflammation."
"chronic inflammation along with patchy neutrophil cryptitis within the first biopsy ."
"chronic inflammation and widespread intestinal metaplasia."
"chronic inflammation but no active inflammation"
"chronic inflammation but no intestinal metaplasia"
"chronic inflammation but there are no specific features and NSAID related."
"chronic inflammation including occasional mucosal giant cells but no clear cut granulomata"
"chronic inflammation of the lamina propria but no histological evidence of a polyp"
"chronic inflammation with lamina propria muscularisation."
"chronic inflammatory cells within the lamina propria."
"clearly seen there appears to be subtotal villous atrophy"
"Clinical correlation is advised"
"Clinical correlation is."
"Clinicopathological correlation and serology is advised"
"CLO negative"
"coeliac serology finding."
"Collections of histiocytes are noted adjacent to ruptured crypts but."
"colon with distal sparing."
"columnar mucosa and they show mild chronic inflammation"
"Columnar mucosa is not present and there is no intestinal metaplasia."
"Comment: Immunohistochemistry for a wide range of epithelial markers, endocrine, lymphoid,."
"Compared to the present."
"complete intestinal metaplasia"
"Completeness of excision cannot be assessed due to lack of visible base"
"Completeness of excision cannot be assessed due to piecemeal excision"
"Completeness of excision cannot be assessed in this small specimen"
"Completeness of excision is difficult to determine due to the cautery artefact."
"Completeness of excison is difficult to determine due to the poor orientation"
"component in both shows focal intestinal metaplasia and mild acute and chronic inflammation"
"Conclusion."
"Conclusion:."
"CONCLUSIONS:."
"consistent with mild reactive gastritis."
"consistent with the effects of radiotherapy"
"contains a moderate neutrophil infiltrate and there are foci of cryptitis"
"correlate with clinical and endoscopic findings."
"Crohn 's disease of the ileum is also a possibility given the active."
"crypt/villous architecture within normal limits, but there is focal villous blunting."
"cystic fundic polyps."
"Cystically dilated glands are not notedand a polyp is not."
"cytologically normal glandular epithelial cells and no increase in intraepithelial."
"Deep margin: Yes."
"Deeper levels are pending to see if a lesion is present deeper in the tissue block"
"developed foveolar hyperplasia"
"Diagnosis colitis."
"Diagnosis colitis"
"Diagnosis DELETEME_QDAP"
"Diagnosis Description."
"diagnostic of columnarlined oesophagus "
"Diastase Periodic Acid Schiff stain for fungi has been requested and a supplementary."
"Differential diagnosis colitis"
"differentiated adenocarcinoma of mixed intestinal and diffuse types including areas of signet."
"differentiated adenocarcinoma with intestinal type morphology"
"differentiated invasive adenocarcinoma of diffuse-type."
"Differentiation by worst area: Moderate."
"dilated glands - is the patient taking proton pump inhibitors"
"dilated glands and moderate acute and chronic inflammation"
"dilated glands, typical of cystic fundic polyps"
"disease involvement"
"Distal = 65 eosinophils per 400x field."
"ducts, diagnostic of columnarlined oesophagus ."
"Duodenal mucosa biopsies with preserved architecture but perhaps mild chronic inflammation"
"Duodenal mucosa is not."
"Duodenal mucosa with villous blunting, erosion and mild acute and chronic."
"Duodenal mucosal biopsies with mild villous blunting, crypt hyperplasia and."
"Duodenal mucosal biopsies with patchy mildly active chronic infalmmation associated with."
"Duodenum mucosal biopsies including Brunner 's glands."
"dysplasia does, however, come very close to the lateral margin "
"dysplasia is seen"
"dysplasia nor malignancy is seen"
"dysplasia or invasive malignancy is seen"
"dysplasia or malignancy is seen"
"dysplasia or malignancy, although very little lamina propria is present for assessment"
"dysplasia or malignancy"
"dysplasianor malignancy is seen"
"dysplastic colonic mucosa is present in the stalk, indicating complete excision."
"dysplastic large bowel mucosa is also present."
"effect"
"Eight pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 2 x 1 x 1mm and the smallest 1 x 1."
"elastofibroma"
"elongated andstratified and the features are judged to be indefinite for low grade glandular."
"elongation and are focally dilated and there is patchy chronic inflammation of the lamina."
"elongation of the lamina propria papillae."
"enable comparison"
"eosinophilia is seen."
"eosinophilic oesophagitis is seen."
"eosinophilic oesophagitis"
"Eosinophils are not increased"
"Eosinophils are not."
"epithelial cells admixed with acute inflammatory cells"
"epithelial cells on CD3 staining and similar numbers of intraepithelial lymphocytes."
"epithelial lymphocytes and no chronic or active inflammation"
"epithelial lymphocytes or inflammation."
"epithelial lymphocytes."
"erosion and acute and chronic inflammation."
"evidence of coeliac disease."
"evidence of fungal or viral infection."
"excision is not possible in this piecemeal resection"
"features in keeping with mucosal prolapse "
"features including basal layer hyperplasia and reactive nucelar changes with underlying."
"Features of coeliac disease are not seen."
"Features of eosinophilic oesophagitis are."
"features of eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"Features of eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"Features of reflux or eosinophilic."
"fibromuscularisation of the lamina propria and mild chronic inflammation."
"fibromuscularisation of the lamina propria."
"fibrosis of the lamina propria with cystically dilated glands"
"fibrotic, multinucleated stromal cells are seen"
"Five pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 3 x 3 x 2mm and the smallest 1 x 1."
"Focal mild acute inflammation is also present."
"focal neutrophilic infiltration and fibrin superficially."
"Focally there is stratification and nuclear pleomorphism amounting to high grade."
"focally, containing native mucus glands."
"For further testing - circled areas approximately 30% cellularity overall."
"For pT1 tumours:."
"Four pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 3 x 1 mm and the smallest 3 x 3."
"Four pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 3 x 2mm and the smallest 3 x 3."
"Four pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 3 x 2mm and the smallest 4 x 3."
"Four pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 7 x 2 x 2mm and the smallest 1 x 1."
"foveolar hyperplasia, raising the possibility of a mild reactive/chemical gastritis"
"foveolar hyperplasia."
"foveolar metaplasia"
"fragments of partly necrotic poorly differentiated tumour composed of solid nests of cells"
"from lower and 4 from mid oesophagus then the eosinophil counts are as follows:."
"from the deep resection margin"
"Fungal stain is pending"
"Fungal staining is awaited and a supplementary report will be issued"
"Furthermore, occasional areas show irregular gland profiles and some dilated."
"Gastric HER-2 testing has been requested on material from this block and a supplementary."
"Gastric HER2 testing is being carried out and supplementary report will be issued"
"Gastric specialised mucosa biopsies both with low and high grade glandular."
"gastric type columnar mucosa on the surface."
"gastric-type mucosa"
"gastritis with large numbers of Helicobacter-like organisms "
"gastritis with vertical smooth muscle fibres in the lamina propria and a suggestion of."
"George and we all share the same opinion"
"giardia organisms are seen."
"giardia organisms are seen"
"giardia organisms or granulomas are seen."
"giardia organisms or granulomas are seen"
"glands which are concerning hence an invasive adenocarcinoma cannot be ruled."
"glands with intervening vertical smooth muscle fibres, typical of a cystic fundic polyp"
"GOJ inflammatory nodule"
"grade dysplasia or invasive malignancy is seen"
"grade dysplasia"
"granulomas are seen"
"granulomas or parasites are seen"
"granulomatous inflammation indicating Crohn 's disease in the colorectum and probably in the."
"hamartomatous polyp"
"Helicobacter like organisms are not seen"
"Helicobacter like organisms or fungal elements are."
"Helicobacter-like organisms ."
"Helicobacter-like organisms and intestinal metaplasia are not seen"
"Helicobacter-like organisms and intestinal metaplasia."
"Helicobacter-like organisms and intestinalmetaplasia."
"Helicobacter-like organisms are not identified."
"Helicobacter-like organisms are not identified"
"Helicobacter-like organisms are not seen"
"Helicobacter-like organisms are seen on the modified giemsa stain."
"Helicobacter-like organisms are seen."
"Helicobacter-like organisms, atrophy, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy."
"Helicobacter-like organisms, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancyis seen"
"Helicobacter-like organisms."
"high grade dysplasia or invasive malignancy"
"histiocytes within the epithelium"
"histological abnormality."
"histological abnormality"
"histological limits."
"histological limits"
"However no abnormal clusters/aggregates are seen"
"However, similar changes."
"hyalinised thick collagen bundles with few interspersed spindle cells"
"hyperplasia and hyper/parakeratosis."
"hyperplasia of the squamous epithelium"
"hyperplasia, muscularisation of the lamina propria and mild chronic."
"hyperplasia, spongiosis and elongation of the lamina papillae."
"hyperplastic foveolae along with mild acute and chronic inflammation."
"hyperplastic foveolae, muscularisation of the lamina propria, superficial erosions and active."
"hyperplastic polyp."
"identified histologically"
"If some of the columnar biopsies are taken from the tubular oesophagus the appearances would."
"If the 8 biopsies in specimen A are divided equally along the strip with 4."
"If the biopsies are from the tubular oesophagus the appearances would be consistent."
"If the biopsies are truly from the tubular oesophagus the features would be consistent."
"Immunohistochemistry for HER2 is negative "
"Immunohistochemistry for HSVI, HSVII and CMV is negative"
"In addition there are."
"in intraepithelial eosinophils."
"In the context of the biopsies being taken within the tubular oesophagus and in the."
"In the context of the biopsies being taken within the tubular oesophagus and inthe."
"In the context of the biopsies being taken withinthe tubular oesophagus and in the."
"In the deeper part of the lesion, where it is more."
"in the lamina propria and there is no acute inflammation."
"in the superficial keratiinous debris."
"In the transverse colon sub-mucosa there."
"In view of the site, the features raise the possibility of an inlet patch."
"inactive gastritis with oedema, congestion and vertical muscularisation of the lamina."
"inactive gastritis with patchy intestinal metaplasia in the non-specialised mucosa"
"inactive gastritis without Helicobacter-like organisms or specific features."
"inactive superficial lymphoplasmacytic gastritis."
"including intestinal-type epithelium."
"inclusions are seen."
"increase in eosinophils."
"increase in intraepithelial lymphocytes ."
"increase in lamina propria chronic inflammatory cells"
"increased intraepithelial eosinophils, ranging from 70 to 25 per high power field "
"increased"
"infiltrate in the superficial layers"
"infiltrate of the lamina propria."
"infiltration of the epithelium by lymphocytes, histiocytes and eosinophils."
"inflammation along with Helicobacter-like organisms ."
"inflammation along with numerous Helicobacter-like organisms "
"inflammation and no parasites are seen"
"inflammation and patchy intestinal metaplasia"
"inflammation and vertical smooth muscle fibres in the lamina propria and several cystically."
"inflammation only."
"inflammation or atrophy is seen."
"inflammation or infection is also possible"
"inflammation with mild basal cell hyperplasia."
"inflammation with minor crypt distortion."
"inflammation, gastric metaplasia, dysplasia or neoplasia is seen"
"inflammation, intestinal metaplasia or glandular atrophy."
"inflammation, intestinalmetaplasia or atrophy is seen."
"inflammatory cell population is also within normal limits."
"inhibitor effect"
"intestinal metaplasia is seen."
"intestinal metaplasia or dysplasia is seen"
"intestinal metaplasia, acute inflammation or atrophy."
"intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy is seen"
"intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy seen"
"intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy."
"intestinal metaplasia."
"intestinal metaplasia"
"into submucosa for less than 1 mm ."
"into the muscularis mucosae."
"intraepithelial eosinophil count of approximately 50 per high-power field"
"intraepithelial eosinophilia."
"Intraepithelial eosinophils are increased, with."
"intra-epithelial eosinophils as follows:."
"intra-epithelial lymphocytes ."
"intraepithelial lymphocytes "
"Intraepithelial lymphocytes and histiocytes are also admixed"
"Intraepithelial lymphocytes are not increased overall"
"Intraepithelial lymphocytes are not increased"
"intra-epithelial lymphocytes which can be associated with Coeliac."
"intraepithelial lymphocytes."
"intraeptihelial lymphocytes."
"intra-mucosal adenocarcinoma ."
"invasion is identified."
"Involvement of margins by carcinoma:."
"is a granuloma "
"is also a mild increase in lamina propria chronic inflammatory cells"
"is focal erosion and underlying mild acute and chronic inflammation."
"is glandular crowding and intra-luminal necrosis."
"is no evidence of eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"is no increase in eosinophils and no evidence of eosinophilic oesophagitis is seen."
"is no significant increase in inflammatory cells."
"is noincrease in eosinophils and no evidence of eosinophilic oesophagitis is seen."
"is not enough histological evidence to support a diagnosis Description."
"is patchy mild chronic inflammation but no acute inflammatory cells are seen."
"is regenerative atypia"
"Is this a known coeliac patient?"
"is with a suggestion of foveolar hyperplasia and vertical smooth muscle fibres in the lamina."
"it appears to truly extend to this margin "
"keratinisation, and other areas having a more basaloid appearance"
"lamina propria chronic inflammatory cells but no active inflammation"
"lamina propria fibrosis and muscularisation."
"lamina propria."
"lamina propria"
"layer hyperplasia."
"like organisms are seen on the modified giemsa stain."
"lined bybland glandular epithelial cells."
"Local invasion: pT1."
"low and high grade glandular dysplasia"
"Lower = 19 per hpf ."
"lymphocytes "
"lymphocytes is within normal range."
"lymphocytes or inflammation."
"lymphocytes up to 34 per 100 enterocytes."
"lymphocytes, acute inflammation, villous atrophy or crypt hyperplasia."
"lymphocytes."
"lymphohistiocytic inflammation, without specific features."
"lymphoid aggregates and plasma cells."
"lymphoma, dysplasia or carcinoma in these biopsies"
"lymphovascular invasion is seen"
"Lymphovascular invasion: Not identified."
"Macroscopic Description."
"malignancy is seen"
"malignancy isseen"
"malignancy seen"
"margin in the plane of sectioning, but is present in the end sections even after turning them."
"Marsh score 3a"
"Maximum depth of invasive tumour from muscularis mucosae 3."
"melanoma and GIST markers has been negative."
"metaplasia '"
"metaplasia and Barrett 's oesophagus."
"metaplasia and mild acute and chronic inflammation."
"metaplasia and mild chronic inflammation."
"metaplasia and oedema"
"metaplasia and villous shortening."
"metaplasia or atrophy is seen."
"metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy is seen"
"metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy."
"metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy"
"Microscopic Description."
"Mid = 16 per hpf."
"Mid =26 eosinophils per 400x field."
"mild acute and chronic inflammation and intestinal metaplasia"
"mild acute and chronic inflammation."
"Mild atrophy is seen."
"mild chronic inflammation, but no HLO, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy"
"mild chronic inflammation."
"mild increase in plasma cells in thelamina propria, without an increase in intraepithelial."
"Mildly hyperplastic gastric antral mucosa with mild acute and chronic."
"mitotic activity that appears to extend to the surface, indicating low grade."
"moderate active chronic inflammation"
"moderate acute and chronic inflammation."
"moderate chronic inflammation and mild acute inflammation."
"Moderate numbers of Helicobacter Pylori are seen"
"Moderate numbers of Helicobacter Pylori like organisms are present"
"modified giemsa stain."
"Most of the pieces show a normal crypt to villous ratio."
"mucosa or intestinal metaplasia is seen."
"mucosae and underlying submucosa."
"muscle fibres and mild chronic inflammation in the lamina propria, consistent with a mild."
"muscle fibres extending into the lamina propria."
"muscle fibres in the lamina propria and scattered cystically dilated glands, consistent with."
"muscularisation of the lamina propria and mild chronic inflammation."
"muscularisation of the lamina propria."
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = '2X DESC, 2X SIGMOID, 2X RECTUM '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = '2X RT COLON, 2X LT '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = '39 cm x 1 '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = '4X LOWER, 4X UPPER OESOPHAGUS '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'CAECUM, ASC, DESC RECTUM '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'Colon 2x ' "
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'D2 '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'D2 BX X4 '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'D2 x3, D1 x1 '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'D2 x4 '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'DUODENAL BX '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'II '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'polyp in GOJ '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'R+L colonic biopsies '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'right colon x2 left colon x2 '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'RT AND LT COLONIC BX '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'x2 TI, x2 right colon, x2 left colon bx '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'x3 R colon, x3 L colon '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'x4 duodenal bx '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot = 'x6 D2 biopsies '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on pot ='2x '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = '2x '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = '2X DESC, 2X SIGMOID, 2X RECTUM '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = '2X RT COLON, 2X LT '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = '4X LOWER, 4X UPPER OESOPHAGUS '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'CAECUM, ASC, DESC RECTUM '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'Colon 2x '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'D2 BX X4'"
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'D2 x3, D1 x1' "
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'D2 x4'"
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'D2'"
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'DUODENAL BX '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'polyp in GOJ' "
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'right colon x2 left colon x2 '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'RT AND LT COLONIC BX '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'TI'"
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'x2 TI, x2 right colon, x2 left colon bx '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'x3 R colon, x3 L colon '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'x4 duodenal bx '"
"Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 'x6 D2 biopsies '"
"nearest deep resection margin and is transected by the radial/ lateral resection margin."
"Neither dysplasia nor malignancy is seen."
"Neither dysplasia nor malignancy is seen"
"Neither dysplasia nor malignancy is."
"Neither dysplasia nor malignancy isseen"
"Neither dysplasia nor malignancy."
"Neither dysplasia nor."
"Neither dysplasia."
"Neither dysplasianor malignancy is seen"
"Neitherdysplasia nor."
"No acute inflammation is seen."
"No acute inflammation, granulomas, parasites, gastric metaplasia, dysplasia or neoplasia is."
"No acute inflammation, intestinal metaplasia or."
"No acute inflammation, intestinal."
"No acute inflammation."
"No Barrett 's mucosa or intestinal metaplasia is seen."
"No Candida hyphae or viral inclusions are seen"
"No columnar mucosa is included"
"No columnar mucosa or."
"No columnar."
"No duodenitis, giardia."
"No duodenitis,."
"No epithelial atypia is seen."
"no evidence of microscopic colitis or inflammatory bowel disease."
"no evidence of microscopic colitis"
"No fungal elements or Helicobacter-like organisms are seen"
"No fungi are seen on the Periodic Acid Schiff stain"
"No fungi or H pylori organisms are seen"
"No fungi or Helicobacter-like organisms are seen."
"No fungi or viral inclusions are seen."
"No fungi or viral inclusions are seen"
"No fungi or viral."
"No fungi or."
"No fungi, viral inclusions or granulomas are seen."
"No fungi, viral inclusions or H pylori organisms are seen."
"No fungi."
"No gastric metaplasia, dysplasia or."
"No gastric metaplasia,."
"No Giardia or other parasites are seen."
"No Giardia or other parasites are seen"
"No Giardia or."
"No giardia organisms are seen"
"No giardia organisms or granulomas are seen."
"No giardia organisms or granulomas are seen"
"No giardia organisms or."
"No giardia organisms."
"No giardia, H pylori organismsor granulomas are seen"
"No giardia."
"No granulomas are seen"
"No granulomas or crypt architectural abnormalities are seen."
"No granulomas, ova or parasites are seen."
"No granulomas, ova or parasites are seen"
"No granulomas, ova or parasites are."
"No granulomas, ova or."
"No granulomas, parasites, acute."
"No granulomas, parasites, viral inclusions, gastric metaplasia, dysplasia or neoplasia is."
"No granulomas, parasites, viral inclusions, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or carcinoma is."
"no granulomatous inflammation, atrophy, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy"
"No Helicobacter are seen"
"No Helicobacter-like organisms ."
"No Helicobacter-like organisms are identified and."
"No Helicobacter-like organisms are identified."
"No Helicobacter-like organisms are identified"
"No Helicobacter-like organisms are seen and there is no atrophy, intestinal metaplasia,."
"No Helicobacter-like organisms are seen on the modified giemsa."
"No Helicobacter-like organisms are seen on the modified."
"No Helicobacter-like organisms are seen on the."
"No Helicobacter-like organisms are seen."
"No Helicobacter-like organisms are seen"
"No Helicobacter-like organisms are."
"No Helicobacter-like organisms, atrophy, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy."
"No Helicobacter-like organisms, dysplasia or malignancy is seen"
"No Helicobacter-like organisms, dysplasia or malignancyis seen"
"No Helicobacter-like organisms, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy is seen"
"No Helicobacter-like organisms, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy is."
"No Helicobacter-like organisms, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy seen"
"No Helicobacter-like organisms, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia."
"No Helicobacter-like organisms."
"No Helicobacter-likeorganisms, atrophy, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy."
"No high grade dysplasia or invasive adenocarcinoma is seen"
"No high grade dysplasia or invasive carcinoma is seen"
"No high grade dysplasia or invasive malignancy is seen"
"No high grade."
"No HLO, atrophy, dysplasia or malignancy is seen"
"No HLO, dysplasia or malignancy is seen"
"No HLO, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy is seen"
"No HLO,."
"No intestinal metaplasia is seen."
"No intestinal metaplasia or atrophy is seen"
"No intestinal metaplasia or atrophy."
"No intestinal metaplasia or."
"No intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy is seen"
"No intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or."
"No intestinal metaplasia,."
"No intestinal metaplasia."
"No intestinal."
"No intestinalmetaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy is."
"No lymphovascular invasion is seen"
"No lymphovascular."
"No metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy is seen"
"No metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy is."
"No metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy seen."
"No metaplasia, dysplasia or."
"No ova, parasites or viral inclusions are seen."
"No parasites are seen"
"No significant glandular."
"no significant inflammation and no parasites are seen"
"No significant inflammation is seen."
"No significant inflammation is."
"No ulceration is seen"
"No underlying stroma is included"
"No vascular invasion is seen in these slides"
"No viral inclusions are seen."
"No viralinclusions, dysplasia or neoplasia is identified"
"Nogiardia organisms or granulomas are."
"Non-specialised gastric mucosa with mild acute and chronic inflammation along with focal."
"nor malignancy is seen"
"normal histological limits."
"normal range."
"normal villous to crypt ratio."
"not show excessive elastic fibres"
"Note: both specimens labelled as '25cm'"
"nuclei and tapering cytoplasm, with a perivascular concentric arrangement."
"Numerous Giardia trophozoites are seen along the surface of the."
"Numerous Helicobacter Pylori organisms are seen"
"Numerous Helicobacter-like organisms are present."
"Occasional goblet cells are present, suggesting intestinal."
"Occasional smooth muscle fibres are present within the lamina propria."
"occasional specialised glands."
"oedema and a mixed acute and chronic inflammatory cell infiltrate."
"oedema and vertical smooth muscle fibres in the lamina propria, but poorly developed foveolar."
"Oesophageal squamous mucosa biopsies with acute inflammation and fungal hyphae in keeping."
"Oesophageal squamous mucosal biopsies with ulceration and acute and chronic inflammation"
"oesophagitis are not seen."
"oesophagitis is seen."
"oesophagus, but hiatus hernia sampling should be clinically excluded."
"of Barrett 's oesophagus with gastric metaplasia"
"of Barrett 's oesophagus with intestinal metaplasia"
"of Barrett 's oesophagus."
"of columnar lined oesophagus without intestinal metaplasia."
"of gland architecture"
"of intraepithelial lymphocytes is within normal range."
"of moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma"
"of specimen A but eosinophils are slightly more than that seen in specimen A, counted at up."
"of the lamina propria."
"on a pointed cellulose strip"
"On piece shows villous shortening with lamina propria congestion and gastric metaplasia."
"On piece which is better."
"One biopsy consists of non-specialised gastric-type mucosa andthe others of specialised."
"One biopsy shows tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia"
"One polyp is hyperplastic and the other is a tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia"
"Only occasional intraepithelial lymphocytes express CD4."
"or granulomas are seen."
"or inflammation."
"or malignancy is seen"
"or ulceration is seen."
"or viral inclusions are seen."
"organisms "
"organisms are present."
"organisms are seen."
"organisms or granulomas are seen."
"organisms or granulomas are seen"
"orientated shows mild partial villous atrophy"
"other parasites are seen."
"parasites are seen."
"parasites are seen"
"Part of an oesophageal submucosal gland duct, with overlying columnar mucosa, is seen,."
"patchy fibrosis and myxoid areas and contains numerous eosinophils, as well as scattered."
"pending to visualise this"
"per 100 enterocytes."
"Peripheral: No ."
"Please consider Helicobacter infection, NSAID."
"Please consider Helicobacter infection, NSAIDuse and Coeliac disease "
"Please correlate."
"Please refer urgently to Lower GI MDM for discussion"
"presence of endoscopically visible Barrett 's oesophagus, then these are the features."
"preserved villous architecture and no increase in intra-epithelial lymphocytes "
"preserved villous architecture and no increase in intra-epithelial lymphocytes."
"preserved villous architecture and noincrease in intra-epithelial lymphocytes "
"propria fibrosis and muscularisation."
"propria, but poorly developed foveolar hyperplasia"
"propria, consistent with a reactive/chemical gastritis."
"propria, raising the possibility of a reactive/chemical gastritis"
"Proximal = 18 eosinophils per 400x field"
"pump inhibitor effect"
"Pylori organisms are pending, and a supplementary report will be ."
"raised intra-epithelial lymphocytes up to 34 per 100 enterocytes."
"reactive/chemical gastritis related to the previous surgery"
"Remaining biopsies are within normal histological limits."
"remaining biopsies of squamous mucosa"
"Scanty lamina propria is present, showing chronic inflammation."
"Scanty ulcer slough is also noted."
"Scattered bizarre fibroblasts are noted,."
"separate strip of columnar epithelium with intestinal metaplasia."
"Seven pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 4 x 1 x <1mm and the smallest 3 x 1."
"Several of the duodenal biopsies are suboptimally orientated however where the surface is."
"shortening."
"show a mild chronic, inactive gastritis with prominent plasma cells in one of the biopsies,."
"show a normal villous to crypt ratio."
"show a normal."
"show large squamous cells with abundant pale to clear cytoplasm."
"shows elongation of crypts, oedema, mildchronic inflammation and congestion"
"shows oedema, chronic inflammation and fibrosis."
"Sigmoid polyp:."
"Signet ring."
"significant increase in intra-epithelial lymphocytes or inflammation."
"significant inflammation and no parasites are seen"
"significant inflammation."
"significant inflammation"
"Six pieces of tissue all measuring 2 x 2 x 2mm respectively, received on a pointed cellulose."
"Six pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 4 x 3 x 2mm and the smallest 2 x 1."
"Sixsuperficial biopsies of foveolar gastric mucosa with focal intestinal metaplasia and."
"Small bowel mucosal biopsies with focal moderately active chronic inflammation including."
"small clusters, and counted and up to 37 per high-power field"
"Small foci of similar glands are seen beneath."
"Small numbers of Helicobacter-like."
"Some chronic inflammation is seen in the sub-mucosa also"
"Some of the atypical glands are buried."
"Some of the lower oesophagus biopsies show non-specific chronic inflammation."
"Special stains for H."
"Special stains for organisms are pending for completeness"
"specialised gastric type mucosa without any significant inflammation"
"specialised glands present."
"squamocolumnar mucosa show oedema and mild chronic inflammation"
"Squamocolumnar mucosa with intestinal metaplasia and acute and chronic."
"Squamo-columnar mucosa with moderate acute and chronic inflammation"
"squamous cell carcinoma, with some areas showing intercellular prickles and focal."
"Squamous mucosa biopsies with ulceration and acute inflammation"
"Squamous mucosa with acute inflammation and erosion"
"submucosa is expanded by an ill defined nodular proliferation of cells with bland, spindled."
"Submucosa is not included"
"suggestive of a reactive/chemical gastritis"
"suggestive of candidal oesophagitis, and a DPAS stain for fungi will be performed and a."
"SUMMARY AND COMMENTS:."
"superficial erosion, acute and chronic inflammation."
"superficial parts of these glands shows erosion, consistent with previous biopsy, but no."
"supplementary report issued"
"The 1st, 3rd and 4th biospies of oesophageal-type squamous epithelium show basal."
"The active chronic inflammation in the duodenum is non-specific but may represent Crohn 's."
"The aetiology of the mild chronic inflammation is not apparent histologically"
"The aetiology of the very mild chronic duodenitis is not apparent histologically"
"The appearances are best regarded as a hyperplastic polyp"
"The appearances are characteristic of Peutz Jeghers type hamartomatous polyps"
"The appearances are consistent with a hyperplastic polyp"
"The appearances are consistent with a reactive gastropathy"
"The appearances are consistent with a."
"The appearances are consistent with an inflammatory polyp."
"The appearances are consistent with Barrett 's oesophagus if the biopsies are taken from the."
"The appearances are consistent with coeliac disease ."
"The appearances are consistent with hyperplastic polyps"
"The appearances are consistent with mild reactive gastritis."
"The appearances are consistent with polypoid foveolar hyperplasia"
"The appearances are consistent with refractory coeliac disease if the clinical history fits"
"The appearances are in keeping with a reactive gastropathy"
"The appearances are in keeping with a reactive/chemical gastritis"
"The appearances are in keeping with 'Barrett 's oesophagus with intestinal metaplasia '"
"The appearances are most."
"The appearances are of a fundic gland polyp"
"The appearances are of a lymphocytic duodenosis."
"The appearances are of a lymphocytic duodenosis"
"The appearances are of a moderate active chronic colitis affecting predominantly the right."
"The appearances are of a reactive gastritis"
"The appearances are suggestive of proton pump inhibitor effect"
"The appearances are those of active chronic oesophagitis and gastritis."
"The appearances are those of at least high grade glandular dysplasia, arising in a background."
"The appearances are those of duodenal ulcer."
"The appearances are those of erosion and chronic active duodenitis."
"The appearances are those of Helicobacter associated chronic active gastritis."
"The appearances are those of Helicobacter associated chronic active gastritis"
"The appearances are those of mild chronic gastritits."
"The appearances are those."
"The appearances are within normal histological limits"
"The appearances are."
"The appearances of the ielo-caecal valve may reflect past ischaemia/post infection."
"The appearances raise the possibility of a mild reactive/chemical gastritis"
"The appearances would be consistent with cystic fundic polyps or proton pump."
"The appearancesare in keeping with a fundic gland polyp"
"The area circled shows 80% tumour content"
"The ascending colon biopsies show normal large bowel mucosa "
"The background cardio-oesophageal junction type mucosa show chronic active inflammation."
"the biopsies are superficial without submucosa."
"The biopsies are superficial, an intramucosal adenocarcinoma cannot."
"The biopsies at both endsof this strip shows similar features to the biopsies described in."
"The biopsies comprise specialised- and non-specialised gastric mucosa."
"The biopsies comprise squamous and columnar mucosa with mild acute and chronic inflammation"
"The biopsies comprise squamous and columnar mucosa with mild acute and chronic."
"The biopsies consist many of large bowel mucosa within normal histological limits"
"The biopsies from 35P show squamocolumnar mucosa with focal intestinal metaplasia and mild."
"The biopsies from 37M show squamous and columnar mucosa with extensive intestinal."
"The biopsies from 37M show squamous epithelium, with only a small amount of underlying."
"The biopsies from 37R show squamocolumnar mucosa with extensive intestinal metaplasia and."
"The biopsies from 39M show squamocolumnar and columnar mucosa with extensive intestinal."
"The biopsies from 39M show squamous epithelium."
"The biopsies from 42cm show squamous and squamocolumnar mucosa."
"The biopsies from the gastro-oesophageal junction show squamo-columnar mucosa, some of."
"The biopsies in the middle of the strip show only occasional eosinophils, lymphocytes and."
"The biopsies of cardio-oesophageal junction type squamo-columnar mucosa show moderate."
"The biopsies of duodenal mucosa are within normal histological limits."
"The biopsies of duodenal mucosa includea few Brunner 's glands and are within normal."
"The biopsies of duodenal mucosa show erosion and chronic active inflammation withvillous."
"The biopsies of duodenal mucosa show mild partial villous atrophy with diffuse increase in."
"The biopsies of duodenal mucosa show mild to moderate partial villous atrophy with diffuse."
"The biopsies of duodenal mucosa show ulceration and active chronic inflammation with gastric."
"The biopsies of fundic lesion show foveolar distortion and foveolar epithelial hyperplasia"
"The biopsies of gastric polyps show fragments of fundic gland polyps."
"The biopsies of GOJ tumour show fragments of moderately to poorly differentiated."
"The biopsies of intermediate type gastric mucosa show mild chronic active inflammation with."
"The biopsies of non-specialised and specialised gastric mucosa show mild chronic inflammation"
"The biopsies of non-specialised gastric mucosa show erosion and chronic active inflammation"
"The biopsies of non-specialised gastric mucosa show mild chronic inflammation with focal."
"The biopsies of non-specialised gastric mucosa show mild chronic inflammation."
"The biopsies of non-specialised gastric mucosa show moderate chronic active inflammation with."
"The biopsies of non-specialised gastric mucosa show moderate chronic active inflammation"
"The biopsies of oesophageal squamous mucosa and non-specialised gastric mucosa show moderate."
"The biopsies of oesophageal squamous mucosa are within normal histological limits."
"The biopsies of oesophageal squamous mucosa are within normal histological limits"
"The biopsies of oesophageal squamous mucosa show focal mild chronic inflammation."
"The biopsies of oesophageal squamous mucosa show focal mild non-specific chronic."
"The biopsies of oesophageal squamous mucosa show mild chronic inflammation with basal cell."
"The biopsies of oesophageal squamous mucosa show mild chronic inflammation with basal."
"The biopsies of oesophageal squamous mucosa show minimal chronic inflammation only."
"The biopsies of oesophageal squamous mucosa show minimal chronic inflammation with mild."
"The biopsies of oesophageal squamous mucosa show minimal non-specific chronic."
"The biopsies of oesophageal squamous mucosa show ulceration and chronic active."
"The biopsies of specialised gastric mucosa show focal mild chronic inflammation."
"The biopsies of specialised gastric mucosa show mild chronic inflammation."
"The biopsies of specialised gastric mucosa show minimal chronic inflammation with lamina."
"The biopsies of squamo-columnar mucosa show severe glandular dysplasia."
"The biopsies of squamous mucosa show extensive basal cell hyperplasia."
"The biopsies ofduodenal mucosa are within normal histological limits."
"The biopsies show a large bowel mucosa containing a small fragment of hyperplastic polyp"
"The biopsies show columnar and squamocolumnar mucosa with focal intestinal metaplasia and mild."
"The biopsies show fragments of columnar mucosa with intestinal metaplasia and ulcerated."
"The biopsies show gastric type transitional and non-specialised mucosa with mild acute and."
"The biopsies show large bowel mucosa with preserved crypt architecture and no significant."
"The biopsies show non-specialised gastric mucosa with foveolar hyperplasia and muscularisation."
"The biopsies show non-specialised gastric mucosa with mild foveolar hyperplasia and mild."
"The biopsies show non-specialised gastric mucosa with moderate acute and chronic inflammation."
"The biopsies show superficial fragments of gastric mucosa with some specialised glands."
"The biopsies show superficial squamous mucosa with mild chronic inflammation "
"The biopsies show transitional type gastric mucosa with mild chronic inflammation"
"The biopsy comprises polypoid squamous and gastric-type mucosa with active inflammation in."
"The biopsy of oesophageal squamous mucosa shows mild non-specific chronic inflammation."
"The biopsy shows non-specialised gastric mucosa with foveolar hyperplasia,."
"The biopsy shows squamous epithelium with a moderate neutrophil infiltrate, predominantly in."
"The changes are mild and non-specific"
"The colon/rectum biopsies show patchy moderately active chronic inflamamtion with."
"The colonic biopsies are within normal histological limits."
"The colonic biopsies show large bowel mucosa within normal histological limits"
"The columnar mucosa shows mild chronic inflammation without specific features."
"The designated most distal two biopsies consist of columnar mucosa and show oedema and mild."
"The designated most proximalbiopsy consists of squamous mucosa and the remaining biopsies of."
"The differential diagnosis DELETEME_QDAP"
"The distal biopsies show large bowel mucosa with oedema and congestion"
"The distal two biopsies on the strip show squamous epithelium with a dense neutrophil."
"The duodenal biopsies are suboptimally orientated and in some biopsies it is difficult to."
"The duodenal biopsies are within normal histological limits"
"The duodenal biopsies contain small bowel mucosa with preserved villous architecture,."
"The duodenal biopsies have a normal villous architecture and there is noincrease in."
"The duodenal biopsies have a normal villous architecture."
"The duodenal biopsies show focal villous blunting associated with surfacegastric."
"The duodenal biopsies show preserved villous architecture with no increase in intra-."
"The duodenal biopsies show preserved villous architecture."
"The duodenal polyp biopsies show a tubulovillous adenoma with low grade dysplasia"
"The dysplasia reaches some peripheral margins but assessment of the overall completeness of."
"The EMR specimen is predominantly lined by squamous epithelium but shows small areas of."
"The features are consistent with a fundic gland polyp"
"The features are consistent with a hyperplastic polyp"
"The features are consistent with a mildreactive/chemical gastritis"
"The features are consistent with a reactive/chemical gastritis."
"The features are consistent with an inflammatory polyp"
"The features are consistent with 'Barrett 's oesophagus with gastric metaplasia only '"
"The features are consistent with fundic gland polyps"
"The features are consistent with reactive/chemical gastritis"
"The features are consistent with ulceration and inflammation at the gastro-jejunal."
"The features are consistent with'Barrett 's oesophagus with intestinal metaplasia '"
"The features are in keeping with changes seen adjacent to an ulcer."
"The features are in keeping with glycogenic acanthosis"
"The features are in keeping with reactive hyperplasia"
"The features are most in keeping with a regenerative pseudopolyp"
"The features are suggestive of a hyperplastic polyp"
"The features are those of an inflammatory fibroid polyp."
"The features are those of fundic gland polyps"
"The features are those of non-specific, mild acute and chronic inflammation"
"The features are those of patchy eosinophilia within the lower and mid oesophageal biopsies"
"The features in all four specimens are those of 'Barrett's oesophagus with intestinal."
"The features may be related to reflux disease"
"The first biopsy consists of columnar mucosa, the next of squamo-columnar mucosa and the."
"The first described please shows extensive high grade glandular dysplasia,."
"The first is a piece of glandular tissue with focal high grade glandular dysplasia"
"The first two biopsies and the fourth biopsy consist of small bowel mucosa and show patchy."
"The gastric biopsies show gastric transitional type mucosa with mild chronic inflammation"
"The gastric biopsies show normal specialised gastric mucosa"
"The gastric biopsies show specialised gastric mucosa with mild chronic inflammation."
"The gastric biopsies show specialised gastric mucosa with mild chronic inflammation"
"The gastric biopsies show specialised mucosa with mild acute and chronic inflammation"
"The gastric conduit biopsies consist of fragments of specialised gastric mucosa showing mild."
"The gastric polyp biopsies show specialised gastric mucosa with cystic dilatation of."
"The GOJ biopsies show specialised gastric mucosa with mild chronic inflammation"
"The GOJ biopsies show squamocolumnar mucosa with mild acute and chronic inflammation and."
"The high grade dysplasia is clear of the radial/lateral resection."
"The histological appearances raise the possibility of eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"The ileum shows mild chronic inflammation"
"the lamina papillae and spongiosis."
"The lamina propria cellularity is normal and there is no acute."
"The lamina propria cellularity is normal."
"The lamina propria shows chronic inflammation and there is crypt hyperplasia"
"The lamina propria shows mild chronic inflammation"
"The large bowel biopsies have a normal crypt architecture."
"The lateral margins are cauterised but tumour is seen very close to this "
"The latter shows similar features to those seen in specimen A"
"The lesion appears to focally extend."
"The lesion focally ulcerates through the mucosa, which shows multiple areas of superficial."
"The lesion is benign and may represent either a hyalinised leiomyoma or hyalinised."
"The lower oesophageal biopsies consist of columnar mucosa showing mild chronic inflammation"
"The macroscopically second described piece shows no dysplasia or malignancy"
"The mid and upper oesophageal biopsies consist of squamous mucosa showing focal mild."
"The non-specialised mucosa shows a mild chronic, inactive gastritis without specific features,."
"The nuclei are hyperchromatic,."
"The number of intraepithelial lymphocytes is within normal range."
"The number of intraepithelial lymphocytes is within normal range"
"The number of intraepithelial lymphocytes is within."
"The number of intraepithelial lymphocytes."
"The oesophageal biopsies at 35, 25 and 20 cm show features consistent with eosinophilic."
"The oesophageal biopsies contain squamous mucosa with underlying cardia-like glands."
"The one from the ileo-caecal valve."
"The other biopsy fragments show large bowel mucosa with melanosis coli"
"The peak count of intraepithelial eosinophils is 34 per high."
"The previous biopsy has been reviewed."
"The previous duodenal biopsy is reviewed and."
"The proximal biopsies show large bowel mucosa with mild architectural distortion and moderate."
"The proximal four biopsies on the strip shows squamous epithelium within normal."
"The proximal transverse and decending colon biopsies show patchy moderately active chronic."
"The rectal polyp biopsy shows a small tubular adenoma with mild dysplasia."
"The remaining biopsies are within normal histological limits"
"The remaining biopsies consist of squamous mucosa and show prominent spongiosis and basal."
"The remaining biopsies of oesophageal-type squamous mucosa are within normal histological."
"The remaining two biopsies consist of specialised gastric-type mucosa and show mild chronic,."
"The right and left sided colonic biopsies are within normal histological limits."
"The second is a piece of glandular tissue with high and low grade glandular dysplasia"
"The sections show a single biopsy of non-specialised gastric mucosa."
"the sections show a single biopsy of oesophageal type squamous epithelium with a."
"The sections show a tubular adenoma of large bowel mucosa with low grade dysplasia"
"The sections show a tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia"
"The sections show an ulcerated moderate to poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma"
"The sections show biopsies of oesophageal-type squamous epithelium with focal moderate."
"The sections show biopsies of oesophageal-type squamous epithelium."
"The sections show biopsies of oesophageal-type squamous mucosa show focal fibrosis."
"The sections show both specialised and non specialised gastric mucosa with mild chronic."
"The sections show features of a tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia."
"The sections show four fragments of duodenal mucosa."
"The sections show glandular mucosa with mild chronic inflammation and a few dilated glands"
"The sections show glandular mucosa with mild chronic inflammation."
"The sections show large bowel mucosa with no significant histological abnormality"
"The sections show multiple pieces of large bowel mucosa."
"The sections show non-specialised gastric mucosa with foveolar."
"The sections show oesophageal-type squamous mucosa with acute inflammation"
"The sections show oesophageal-type squamous mucosa with no significant."
"The sections show poorly orientated pieces of small bowel mucosa."
"The sections show predominantly non-specialised gastric mucosa."
"The sections show small bowel mucosa wiht no significant histological abnormality"
"The sections show small bowel mucosa with a normal crypt to villous ratio and no increase in."
"The sections show small bowel mucosa with villous shortening and gastric metaplasia"
"The sections show small bowel mucosa."
"The sections show smallbowel mucosa with mild partial villous atrophy"
"The sections show specialised gastric mucosa with a."
"The sections show squamo-glandular mucosa with intestinal metaplasia."
"The sections show squamo-glandular mucosa with mild chronic inflammation"
"The sections show squamo-glandular mucosawith intestinal metaplasia."
"The sections show three pieces of tissue"
"The sections show ulcerated pieces of oesophageal-type squamous mucosa with acute and chronic."
"The sections showoesophageal-type squamous mucosa."
"The sections shows large bowel."
"The sigmoid colon and rectum biopsies show minor crypt distortion and patchy mild to moderate."
"The sigmoid polyp and two of three rectal polyps are hyperplastic polyps"
"The sigmoid polyp is a pedunculated tubular adenoma with moderate dysplasia."
"The specimen consist of oesophageal squamo-columnar mucosa with thickened muscularis."
"The specimen consists of fragments of cardia type gastric mucosa showing mild to moderate."
"The specimen consists of non-specialised gastric type mucosa, with underlying submucosa."
"The specimen consists of several fragments of an ulcerated moderately differentiated invasive."
"The squamous mucosa shows marked hyperkeratosis with neutrophils and eosinophils admixed."
"The strips of stratified squamous non-keratinising epithelium show minimal chronic."
"the surface epithelium and underlying granulation-type tissue with prominent blood vessels."
"The surface epithelium shows reactive changes"
"The surface epithelium shows reactive hyperplasia and regenerative changes"
"The surface epithelium."
"The terminal ileum biopsies show small bowel mucosa with minor villous blunting and mild."
"The third and forth pieces of tissue are faecal matter and blood"
"The third biopsy consists of non-specialised gastric type mucosa showing a minimal chronic,."
"The third piece shows squamo-glandular tissue with high grade glandular dysplasia and."
"The third rectal polyp may be a hyperplastic polyp but further levels are required to confirm."
"The tissue architecture is within normal."
"The tumour is seen infiltrating."
"The underlying epitheliumand lamina propria show."
"The underlying lamina propria."
"The villous architecture in the D2 biopsies appears normal"
"Theappearances are consistent with coeliac disease."
"Thehistological appearances are within normal limits ."
"There are also scattered foci of glandular epithelial crowding with increased."
"There are dilated glands."
"There are features suggestive of Coeliac disease in the duodenum but correlation."
"There are foci of intestinal metaplasia"
"There are no abnormal clusters or aggregates of mast cells"
"There are no features of eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"There are no features of microscopic colitis."
"There are no features of microscopic colitisNeither dysplasia nor malignancy is seen"
"There are no features suggestive of eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"There are no features suggestive of eosinophilic oesophagitis"
"There are no fungal elements"
"There are no granulomata, viral inclusions or parasites"
"There are no Helicobacter like organisms "
"There are no Helicobacter like organisms."
"There are no Helicobacter"
"There are no helicobacter-like organisms"
"There are no parasites or granulomata"
"There are no parasites"
"There are no specialised glands hence this may represent atrophy if taken from the stomach."
"There are no viral inclusions or parasites"
"There are no viral inclusions"
"there are no well formed granulomas"
"There are no."
"There are nofeatures of eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"There are noHelicobacter like organisms "
"There are numerous Giardia parasites present"
"There are numerous Giardia parasites"
"There are numerous Helicobacter-like organisms "
"There are occasional Helicobacter like."
"There are occasional neutrophils."
"There are prominent parietal cells and some dilated glands suggestive of PPI."
"There are prominent parietal cells and some dilated glands suggestive of proton."
"There are prominent."
"There are reactive."
"There are three biopsies of squamous epithelium within normal limits"
"There are two biopsies of specialised gastric mucosa within normal limits"
"There are two small fragments of ulcer slough and large bowel mucosa containing a small amount."
"There is a focal accumulation of foamy macrophages within the lamina propria, consistent with."
"There is a mild acute and chronic duodenitis, which may be related to his stated Helicobacter."
"There is a mild increase in intra-epithelial lymphocytes, upto."
"There is a mild increase in lamina propria chronic inflammatory cells."
"There is a mild increase in."
"There is a second biopsy of acute inflammatory debris also included"
"There is a small amount of detached."
"There is also crypt hyperplasia and mild increase in chronic inflammatory cells in the lamina."
"There is also crypt hyperplasia and mild increase in chronic inflammatory."
"There is also lamina propria fibrosis and."
"There is an increase in intra-epithelial lymphocytes "
"There is an increase in intraepithelial lymphocytes with upto 38 lymphocytes per 100."
"There is background acute and chronic inflammation and intestinal metaplasia"
"There is congestion and marked foveolar hyperplasia and dilatation of glands."
"There is crypt rupture."
"There is extensive intramucosal adenocarcinoma with focal infiltration through muscularis mucosae."
"There is focal gastric."
"There is focal intestinal metaplasia."
"There is focal villous blunting, surface gastric foveolar metaplasia and a mild."
"There is foveolar hyperplasia and in places there is complexity."
"There is intestinal metaplasia and focal."
"There is intestinal metaplasia."
"There is lamina propria fibrosis and muscularisation."
"There is lymphovascular invasion"
"There is mild chronic inflammation."
"There is mild chronic inflammation"
"There is mild melanosis coli"
"There is mild tomoderate chronic active inflammation"
"There is mild villous."
"There is mild."
"There is minimal sub-mucosa included in some pieces."
"There is moderate acute and chronic inflammation."
"There is moderate chronic inflammation of the columnar component."
"There is mucin depletion, focal gastric metaplasia and regenerative epithelial."
"There is neutrophilic cryptitis and there."
"There is no active inflammation."
"There is no acute inflammation or increase."
"There is no acute inflammation, atrophy, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy"
"There is no acute inflammation, dysplasia or malignancy."
"There is no acute."
"There is no atrophy or Helicobacter pylori"
"There is no atrophy, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy"
"There is no atrophy, metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy"
"There is no atrophy, metaplasia, dysplasia or."
"There is no atrophy, metaplasia,."
"There is no atrophy,."
"There is no Barrett 's epithelium and there is no dysplasia or malignancy in this sample"
"There is no Barrett 's oesophagus and there is no."
"There is no duodenitis."
"There is no dysplasia or epithelial malignancy"
"There is no dysplasia or invasive malignancy"
"There is no dysplasia or malignancy."
"There is no dysplasia or malignancy"
"There is no eosinophil comoponent"
"There is no evidence of coeliac disease in these biopsies."
"There is no evidence of coeliac disease."
"There is no evidence of coeliac disease"
"There is no evidence of dysplasia or malignancy"
"There is no evidence of eosinophilic oesophagitis."
"There is no evidence of eosinophilic oesophagitis"
"There is no evidence of Giardia"
"There is no evidence of high grade dysplasia or invasive malignancy"
"There is no evidence of involvement by diffuse large B cell lymphoma"
"There is no evidence of lymphoma"
"There is no evidence of metaplasia"
"There is no evidence of microscopic colitis or infectious organisms"
"There is no evidence of microscopic colitis"
"There is no evidence of."
"There is no evidenceof lymphoma"
"There is no excess of eosinophils."
"There is no excess of."
"There is no extension into the submucosa."
"There is no granulomatous inflammation."
"There is no high grade dysplasia or invasive malignancy"
"There is no high grade dysplasia or invasive."
"There is no increase in eosinophils and no evidence of eosinophilic."
"There is no increase in intra-."
"There is no increase in intraepithelial eosinophils and no evidence of."
"There is no increase in intra-epithelial lymphocytes "
"There is no increase in intraepithelial lymphocytes in either the D1 or D2 biopsies "
"There is no increase in intraepithelial lymphocytes."
"There is no increase in intraepithelial lymphocytes"
"There is no increase in."
"There is no inflammation or metaplasia"
"There is no intestinal metaplasia "
"There is no intestinal metaplasia or eosinophilia."
"There is no intestinal metaplasia or glandular atrophy"
"There is no intestinal metaplasia or glandular."
"There is no intestinal metaplasia, atrophy or Helicobacter pylori "
"There is no intestinal metaplasia, atrophy or Helicobacter pylori"
"There is no intestinal metaplasia, atrophy or Helicobacterpylori"
"There is no intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy"
"there is no intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy"
"There is no intestinal metaplasia,."
"There is no intestinal metaplasia."
"There is no intestinal metaplasia"
"There is no intestinal."
"There is no intraepithelial eosinophilia or evidence of eosinophilic."
"There is no intraepithelial eosinophilia."
"There is no invasive malignancy in this material"
"There is no invasive malignancy"
"There is no metaplasia or atrophy"
"There is no significant excess of chronic inflammatory cells."
"there is no significant histological abnormality in that biopsy."
"There is no significant increase in chronic inflammatory cells and no active inflammation"
"There is no significant increase in chronic inflammatory cells and no active."
"There is no significant increase in chronic inflammatory cellsand no active inflammation"
"There is no significant increase in inflammatory cells."
"There is no significant increase in intra-."
"There is no significant increase in intra-epithelial lymphocytes."
"There is no significant increase in intra-epithelial."
"There is no significant inflammation and no parasites are seen"
"There is no significant inflammation."
"There is no significant inflammation"
"There is no significant."
"There is no ulceration"
"There is no villous atrophy or duodenitis."
"There is no villous."
"There is no."
"There is nodysplasia or malignancy"
"There is nohigh grade dysplasia or invasive malignancy"
"There is oedema and mild chronic inflammation."
"There is oedema and."
"There is oedema, mild."
"There is patchy minor villous blunting, patchy surface gastric foveolar metaplasia."
"There is patchy villous blunting, patchy surface gastric foveolar metaplasia."
"There is patchy."
"There is preserved villous architecture but an increase in intra-epithelial."
"There is preserved."
"there is regenerative epithelial change."
"There is regenerative epithelial change."
"There is squamo-columnar and columnar mucosa."
"There is still a fifth biopsy buried in the tissue block hence a deeper cut is."
"There is surface gastric foveolar metaplasia"
"There is tumour ulceration."
"There is very minimal, plasmacytic inflammation within the non-specialised mucosa"
"There is widespread low grade and high grade glandular dysplasia"
"There isno intestinal."
"Thereare no parasites or granulomata"
"Thereis no dysplasia or malignancy"
"Thereis no high grade dysplasia or invasive malignancy"
"Therer is foveolar hyperplasia and cystic dilatation of glands."
"These are biopsies of columnar mucosa with mild chronic inflammation"
"These are biopsies of gastric mucosa "
"These are biopsies of large bowel mucosa showing preserved crypt architecture."
"These are biopsies of slightly papillomatous squamous mucosa in keeping with papillomas"
"These are biopsies of small and large bowel mucosa showing preserved villous and crypt."
"These are biopsies of small bowel mucosa including Brunner 's glands"
"These are biopsies of small bowel mucosa including Brunners glands."
"These are biopsies of small bowel mucosa not including Brunner 's glands."
"These are biopsies of small bowel mucosa showing preserved villous architecture."
"These are biopsies of squamo-columnar and columnarmucosa with mild."
"These are biopsies of squamo-columnar mucosa withmoderate acute and chronic."
"These are biopsies of squamous epithelium which are within normal histological limits"
"These are biopsies of squamous epithelium which are within normal histological."
"These are biopsies of squamous epithelium which are within normal."
"These are small bowel mucosa biopsies with patchy mild acute and moderate chronic inflammation with villous."
"These are two biopsies of squamous epithelium within normal limits"
"These biopsies consist of columnar mucosa and include parts of oesophageal submucosal gland."
"These biopsies consist of squamous and columnar mucosa showing mild chronic inflammation, with."
"These biopsies of columnar mucosa and."
"These biopsies of columnar mucosa show focal acute inflammation, moderate chronic inflammation."
"These biopsies of columnar mucosa show mild chronic inflammation, extensive intestinal."
"These biopsies of columnar mucosa show oedema and mild chronic inflammation"
"These biopsies of columnar mucosa show oedema, mild chronic inflammation and patchy intestinal."
"These biopsies of duodenal mucosa and submucosa are within."
"These biopsies of duodenal mucosa and submucosa overall show."
"These biopsies of duodenal mucosa and submucosa show a normal."
"These biopsies of duodenal mucosa and submucosa show a patchy,."
"These biopsies of duodenal mucosa and submucosa show patchy, mild."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa are within normal histological limits for site."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa are within normal histological limits."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa show a normal crypt architecture."
"These biopsies of large bowel mucosa show mild melanosis coli, but are otherwise within normal."
"These biopsies of non-specialised and specialised gastric mucosa show a moderate chronic,."
"These biopsies of non-specialised gastric mucosa and specialised gastric mucosa show a severe chronic, moderately active superficial."
"These biopsies of non-specialised gastric mucosa are infiltrated by a poorly."
"These biopsies of non-specialised gastric mucosa show a tubular adenoma with low."
"These biopsies of non-specialised gastric mucosa show dilated and."
"These biopsies of non-specialised gastric mucosa show foveolar hyperplasia and."
"These biopsies of non-specialised gastric mucosa show foveolar hyperplasia,."
"These biopsies of non-specialised gastric mucosa show mild chronic inflammation."
"These biopsies of non-specialised gastric mucosa show mild chronic inflammation"
"These biopsies of non-specialised gastric mucosa show mild chronic."
"These biopsies of non-specialised gastric mucosa show mildly dilated and."
"These biopsies of non-specialised gastric mucosa show mildly dilated foveolae."
"These biopsies of non-specialised gastric mucosa show moderate acute and chronic."
"These biopsies of non-specialised gastric-type mucosa show a mild chronic, inactive gastritis."
"These biopsies of non-specialised gastric-type mucosa show a mild chronic, inactivegastritis."
"These biopsies of non-specialised gastric-type mucosa show mild chronic, inactive gastritis."
"These biopsies of non-specialised gastric-type mucosa showed minimal chronic, focally active."
"These biopsies of non-specialisedgastric-type mucosa show a mild chronic, inactive gastritis."
"These biopsies of oesophageal squamous mucosa show similar features to the squamous biopsies."
"These biopsies of oesophageal-type squamous epithelium are within normal histological limits"
"These biopsies of oesophageal-type squamous epithelium are within normal histological."
"These biopsies of oesophageal-type squamous epithelium are within normal."
"These biopsies of oesophageal-type squamous epithelium show mild chronic inflammation."
"These biopsies of oesophageal-type squamous epithelium show patchy, superficial acute."
"These biopsies of oesophageal-type squamous mucosa are within normal histological limits"
"These biopsies of oesophageal-type squamous mucosa show basal hyperplasia, elongation of."
"These biopsies of small bowel and duodenal mucosa show a normal."
"These biopsies of small bowel and duodenal mucosa show a."
"These biopsies of small bowel and duodenal mucosa show."
"These biopsies of small bowel and large bowel mucosa show a normal villous and crypt."
"These biopsies of small bowel and largebowel mucosa show a normal villous and crypt."
"These biopsies of small bowel mucosa and submucosa ."
"These biopsies of small bowel mucosa are histologically normal."
"These biopsies of small bowel mucosa are poorly orientated, but appear to have crypt/villous."
"These biopsies of small bowel mucosa are within normal histological limits."
"These biopsies of small bowel mucosa are within normal histological limits"
"These biopsies of small bowel mucosa show a normal villous to crypt ratio."
"These biopsies of specialised and non-specialised gastric mucosa show mild."
"These biopsies of specialised and non-specialised gastric mucosa show severe."
"These biopsies of specialised and non-specialised gastric-type mucosa show severe chronic."
"These biopsies of specialised and non-specialised gastric-type mucosa showa moderate chronic,."
"These biopsies of specialised gastric mucosa show dilated specialised."
"These biopsies of specialised gastric mucosa show focal acute and."
"These biopsies of specialised gastric mucosa show mild chronic."
"These biopsies of specialised gastric mucosa show no significant."
"These biopsies of specialised gastric mucosa show occasionally dilated."
"These biopsies of specialised gastric mucosashow occasionally dilated."
"These biopsies of specialised gastric-type mucosa show a mild chronic, inactive gastritis with."
"These biopsies of specialised gastric-type mucosa show mild chronic, inactive gastritis with."
"These biopsies of specialised gastric-type mucosa showed a minimal chronic, inactive gastritis."
"These biopsies of spgm show no significant histological abnormality."
"These biopsies of squamocolumnar and columnar mucosa show erosion, oedema, mild chronic inflammation and extensive intestinal metaplasia"
"These biopsies of squamo-columnar mucosa and columnar mucosa show moderate chronic."
"These biopsies of squamocolumnar mucosa show extensive superficial erosion, make it difficult to assess surface maturation."
"These biopsies of squamo-columnar mucosa show mild chronic inflammation and extensive."
"These biopsies of squamocolumnar mucosa show moderate chronic inflammation."
"These biopsies of squamous mucosa are histologically normal."
"These biopsies of squamous mucosa are within normal histological limits."
"These biopsies of squamous mucosa show hyperplasia and oedema of the epithelium, with."
"These biopsies of squamous mucosa show infiltration by a poorly differentiated invasive."
"These biopsies of squamous mucosa show infiltration of the lamina propria by a moderately."
"These biopsies of squamous mucosa show similar appearances to those in specimen A, with an."
"These biopsies of squamous mucosa showdiffuse oedema and basal cell hyperplasia, without."
"These biopsies show duodenal mucosa with normal architecture and no significant inflammation"
"These biopsies show non-specialised gastric mucosa with foveolar hyperplasia and."
"These biopsies show small bowel mucosa with no significant pathological abnormalities"
"These biopsies show superficial fragments of congested and oedematous non-specialised."
"These biopsies show superficial fragments of tubulovillous adenoma with low grade."
"These biopsies, examined at 10 levels, consist of oesophageal squamous mucosa showing mild."
"These EMR specimens show either squamocolumnar or columnar mucosa with thickened muscularis mucosae and small."
"These EMRs all show high grade glandular dysplasia with background intestinal metaplasia and."
"These features can be seen in chronic inflammatory bowel disease."
"These is a biopsyof squamous epithelium which is within normal histological limits"
"These polypoid pieces of specialised gastric type mucosa showing oedema, vertical smooth."
"These polypoid pieces of specialised gastric-type mucosa show mild chronic inflammation and."
"These polypoid pieces of specialised gastric-type mucosa show oedema, mild chronic."
"This biopsy of columnar mucosa show mild acute and chronic inflammation with focal."
"This biopsy of oesophageal-type squamous epithelium shows focal superficial acute."
"This biopsy of oesophageal-type squamous mucosa show hyperplastic epithelium with."
"This biopsy of small bowel and duodenal mucosa show a normal."
"This biopsy of specialised gastric mucosa shows no significant histological."
"This biopsy of specialised gastric-type mucosa shows oedema, haemorrhage, vertical smooth."
"This biopsy of squamo-columnar mucosa shows mild chronic inflammation."
"This biopsy of squamo-columnar mucosa shows oedema and mild chronic inflammation."
"This case had been shown to Dr M Green who is in agreement"
"This case has been reviewed by Dr Gil-Barman, Dr Mahadeva, Dr Chang and Dr."
"This columnar mucosa is composed of fundic type gastric mucosa."
"This is a biopsy of columnar mucosa with, erosion and mild acute and."
"This is a biopsy of gastric mucosa "
"This is a hyperplastic polyp"
"This is a superficial biopsy showing gastric foveolar mucosa with hyperplastic suface with."
"This is a tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia"
"This is in agreement with the positive."
"This is specialised gastric mucosa with minimal chronic inflammation, oedema and some."
"This may represent Barrett 's."
"This polypoid piece of large bowel mucosa shows thickening of the muscularis mucosae, with."
"This polypoid piece of specialised gastric-type mucosa shows scattered cystically dilated."
"This small biopsy consists of non-specialised gastric-type columnar mucosa, consistent with."
"Three biopsies are identified microscopically and consist of specialised gastric-type mucosa."
"Three biopsies of large bowel mucosa showing preserved crypt architecture."
"Three biopsies of non-specialised gastric mucosa"
"Three pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 1 x 1mm and the smallest 3 x 2."
"Three pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 7 x 2 x 1mm and the smallest 5 x 2."
"to approximately 30 per high-power field, but again without clustering"
"to the deep resection margin and therefore may recur locally"
"Tumour type: Adenocarcinoma."
"Two biopsies consist of small bowel mucosa and are within normal histological limits."
"Two biopsies show tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia"
"Two of the biopsies comprise superficial squamous epithlium without subepithelial sampling"
"Two pieces of tissue, the larger measuring 3 x 2 x 1 mm and the smaller, 2 x 2."
"Two pieces of tissue, the larger measuring 4 x 1 x 1mm and the smaller, 3 x 1."
"Two pieces of tissue, the larger measuring 4 x 2 x 2 mm and the smaller, 2 x 2."
"Two pieces of tissue, the largest measuring 5 x 2 x 1mm and the smallest 2 x 2."
"ulceration, oedema and acute and chronic inflammation."
"underneath squamous epithelium."
"unequivocal intramucosal adenocarcinoma and no deeper invasion is seen."
"Upper = 80 per hpf."
"vertical smooth muscle fibres in the lamina propria and scattered cystically dilated glands"
"villous architecture and no increase in intra-epithelial lymphocytes "
"villous architecture but a patchy increase in intra-epithelial lymphocytes up to 38."
"villous blunting associated with a patchy increase in plasma cells and lymphocytes in the."
"villous blunting associated with surface gastric metaplasia"
"villous blunting, near erosion, cryptits and crypt abscess formation"
"viral inclusions are seen"
"Width of tumour 8mm."
"with 'Barrett's oesophagus with gastric metaplasia only '"
"with Candida infection"
"with complex and cribriform glands lined by cells with highly pleomorphic nuclei."
"with endoscopic findings"
"with focal superficial erosion,oedema and vertical smooth muscle fibres in the lamina."
"with no increase in intra-epithelial lymphocytes "
"with serology is required"
"with vertical smooth muscle fibres in the lamina propria and focal foveolar hyperplasia,."
"with vertical smooth muscle fibres in the lamina propria and mild foveolar hyperplasia."
"with vertical smooth muscle fibres in the lamina propria but poorly developed foveolar."
"within the lamina propria and there is very focal mild cryptitis."
"Within the mucosa/submucosa there is a nodule composed of."
"Within these limitations, the D1 biopsies show patchy mild."
"x <1mm, received on a pointed cellulose strip."
"x 1 mm, received on a pointed cellulose strip"
"x 1mm, received on a pointed cellulose strip."
"x 2 mm, received on a pointed cellulose strip"
"x 2mm, received on a pointed cellulose strip."
"Ziehl-Neelsen and dPAS stains are negative for acid fast bacilli and fungal elements."
"Ziehl-Neelsen staining for acid fast bacilli is negative"
